Iron chelating chemical used in bacterial siderophore studies .	Iron chelating chemical used in bacterial studies .
Iron chelating chemical used in bacterial studies .	Iron chelating chemical used in bacterial siderophore studies .
They supplied iron to Citrus with iron EDTA .	They supplied iron to Citrus with iron .
It is used to mobilize iron analogously to the use of EDTA .	It is used to mobilize metal ions analogously to the use of EDTA .
In contrat to EDDHA , most related aminopolycarboxylic acid chelating agents feature tertiary amines and few have phenolate groups .	In contrast to EDDHA , most related aminopolycarboxylic acid chelating agents feature tertiary amines and few have phenolate groups .
The final leg of development was funded by Rob Cunningham which enabled the project to obtain space in the Great Northern Way campus .	The final leg of development was funded by Rob Cunningham which enabled the project to obtain space with Great Northern Way Campus .
It was created for ( and displayed ) at the Burning man festival in 2006 and 2007 .	It was created for ( and displayed at ) the Burning man festival in 2006 and 2007 .
based team of Jon Tippett , the brother of Michael_Tippett_(businessman ) Michael Tippett , Charlie Brinson , Leigh Christie , Brad Buss , Ryan Johnson and Tony Geluch .	based team of Jon Tippett , the brother of Michael_Tippett_(businessman ) , Charlie Brinson , Leigh Christie , Brad Buss , Ryan Johnson and Tony Geluch .
The Mondo spider is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .	The MONDO SPIDER is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider - like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .
The first motor system was a gasoline Honda V - twin engine and a system of hydraulic pumps and motors , which was upgraded in january 2010 as part of the Mondo Spider'0 Emissions ' program .	The first power source was a Honda V - twin engine and a system of hydraulic pumps and motors , which was upgraded in January 2010 as part of the Mondo Spider'0 Emissions ' program .
The MONDO SPIDER is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider - like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .	TheMONDO SPIDER is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider - like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .
The first power source was a Honda V - twin engine and a system of hydraulic pumps and motors , which was upgraded in January 2010 as part of the Mondo Spider'0 Emissions ' program .	The first power source was a Honda V - twin engine and a system of hydraulic pumps and motors , which was upgraded in January 2010 as part of the Mondo Spider ' 0 Emissions ' program .
Now affiliated with the Vancouver based charity eatART foundationthe spider has fascinated spectators young and old at events such as Burning Man Festival , Vancouver Art Gallery , New Yorks ' Gagettoff ' and numerous television appearances .	Now affiliated with the Vancouver based charity eatART foundation , the spider has fascinated spectators young and old at events such as Burning Man Festival , Vancouver Art Gallery , New Yorks ' Gagettoff ' and numerous television appearances .
The MONDO SPIDER is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider - like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .	The Mondo Spider is a custom created electric vehicle propelled via eight steel legs in a spider - like walking motion utilizing the Klann Linkage .
Now affiliated with the Vancouver - based charity eatART foundation , the spider has fascinated spectators at events such as the Burning Man festival , Vancouver Art Gallery , New Yorks ' Gagettoff ' and numerous television appearances .	Now affiliated with the Vancouver - based charity eatART foundation , the spider has fascinated spectators at events such as the Burning Man festival , Vancouver Art Gallery , New York 's " Gagettoff " and numerous television appearances .
Research and Development Funding .	Research and development funding .
Savage died in 1922 , and was buried in Richmond Hill Presbyterian Cemetary .	Savage died in 1922 , and was buried in Richmond Hill Presbyterian Cemetery .
Professional Career .	Professional career .
In March 2010 Preben Maegaard was featured in documentary film " The Fourth Revolution " .	In March 2010 Preben Maegaard was featured in documentary film " " .
Eusebius of Caesarea writes of his martyrdom , which occurred during the persecution of Diocletian , and states that “ he was born at Jerusalem , but had gone to live in Scythopolis , where he held three ecclesiastical offices .	Eusebius of Caesarea wrote of his martyrdom , which occurred during the persecution of Roman Emperor Diocletian , and stated that “ he was born at Jerusalem , but had gone to live in Scythopolis , where he held three ecclesiastical offices .
He was reader and interpreter in the Syriac language , and cured those possessed of evil spirits . ” Eusebius writes that Procopius was sent with his companions from Scythopolis to Caesarea Maritima , where he was decapitated .	He was reader and interpreter in the Syriac language , and cured those possessed of evil spirits . ” Eusebius wrote that Procopius was sent with his companions from Scythopolis to Caesarea Maritima , where he was decapitated .
Procopius of Scythopolis ( died 7 July AD 303 ) is venerated as a martyr and saint .	Procopius of Jerusalem ( died 7 July AD 303 ) is venerated as a martyr and saint .
Saint Procopius , Martyr of Jerusalem ( died 7 July AD 303 ) is venerated as a martyr and saint .	Procopius of Jerusalem ( died 7 July AD 303 ) is venerated as a martyr and saint .
The " Kansei " Reforms were a series of reactionary policy changes and edicts which were intended to cure a range of perceived problems which had developed in mid-18th century Tokugawa Japan .	The were a series of reactionary policy changes and edicts which were intended to cure a range of perceived problems which had developed in mid-18th century Tokugawa Japan .
Sadanobu 's policies could be interpreted as a reactionary response to the execesses of his " rōju " precedessor , Tanuma Okitsugu .	Sadanobu 's policies could be interpreted as a reactionary response to the excesses of his " rōju " predecessor , Tanuma Okitsugu .
This reform movement was followed by two others during the Edo period , the Kyōhō reforms ( 1716 - 1736 ) and the Tenpō reforms in the 1830s .	This reform movement was followed by two others during the Edo period , the Kyōhō reforms ( 1716 - 1736 ) and the Tenpō reforms of the 1830s .
Sadanobu 's efforts were focused on strengthening the government by reversing many of the policies and practices which had become commonplace under the regime of the previous shogun , Tokugawa Ieharu .	Sadanobu 's efforts were focused on strengthening the government by reversing many of the policies and practices which had become commonplace under the regime of the previous " shōgun",Tokugawa Ieharu .
Chizzy Akudolu ( born 7 October , 1973 ) is a British Actress living in London , England	Chizzy Akudolu ( born 7 October , 1973 ) is a British actress living in London , England .
All eight perfomed a comedy sketch show infront of BBC casting directors and producers at the Tabernacle Theatre , Notting Hill .	All eight perfomed a comedy sketch show in front of BBC casting directors and producers at the Tabernacle Theatre , Notting Hill .
and a UN Cleaner in the forthcoming political satire " In the Loop " .	and a UN Cleaner in the political satire " In the Loop " .
She can be seen playing Cookie in CBBC 's upcoming sitcom , Jinx	She can be seen playing Cookie in CBBC 's upcoming sitcom , Jinx as Cookie
Her first televison appearance was in the BBC sitcom , 15 Storeys High .	Her first television appearance was in the BBC sitcom , 15 Storeys High .
Credits also include Green Wing , International Emmy award winning childrens drama , Dustbin Baby for Kindle Entertainment and as a charicature of herself in the mockumentary , The Most Unromantic Man in the World .	Credits also include Green Wing , International Emmy award winning children 's drama , Dustbin Baby for Kindle Entertainment and as a charicature of herself in the mockumentary , The Most Unromantic Man in the World .
She has a brown belt in Karate .	She has a black belt in Karate .
She has a black belt in Karate .	She has a brown belt in Karate .
Chizzy Akudolu ( 7 October 1973 ) is a British actress .	Chizzy Akudolu ( born 7 October 1973 ) is a British actress .
Credits also include Green Wing , International Emmy award winning children 's drama , Dustbin Baby for Kindle Entertainment and as a charicature of herself in the mockumentary , The Most Unromantic Man in the World .	Credits also include Green Wing , International Emmy award - winning children 's drama , " Dustbin Baby " for Kindle Entertainment and as a caricature of herself in the mockumentary " The Most Unromantic Man in the World " .
Chizzy also played series regular , Miss Kanouti in The Complete Guide to Parenting .	Akudolu also played series regular Miss Kanouti in " The Complete Guide to Parenting " .
This was followed by a small role in " Eastenders " .	This was followed by a small role in " EastEnders " .
She also won Best Actress in the same year at BEFFTA .	She also took home Best Actress in the same year at BEFFTA Awards .
Personal Life .	Personal life .
She was the first celebrity to be eliminated after a disappointing Foxtrot which lacked flow and the traditional theme to the dance .	She was the first celebrity to be eliminated after a disappointing Foxtrot which lacked flow and the traditional format of the dance .
She was the strongest link in 5 out of the 6 rounds , and beat " Rylan Clark - Neal " in the final round to win , earning 1,130 pounds for Children in need , which the programme doubled .	She was the strongest link in 5 out of the 6 rounds , and beat " Rylan Clark - Neal " in the final round to win , earning 1,130 pounds for Children in Need , which the programme doubled .
In 2017 , she is taking part in the fifteenth series of " Strictly Come Dancing " on BBC One .	In 2017 , she took part in the fifteenth series of " Strictly Come Dancing " on BBC One .
It has since been announced that Akudola is departing " Holby City " after five years .	It has since been announced that Akudolu is departing " Holby City " after five years .
She also took home Best Actress in the same year at BEFFTA Awards .	She has also won the Best Actress in the same year at BEFFTA Awards .
She was nominated for " Emerging Talent " at the 8th Annual Screen Nation Awards .	She was nominated for the " Emerging Talent " award at the 8th Annual Screen Nation Awards .
Andrea Chizoba " Horse " Akudolu ( born 7 October 1973 Harlesden , London ) is a British actress .	Andrea Chizoba " Chizzy " Akudolu ( born 7 October 1973 Harlesden , London ) is a British actress .
2020 saw Akudulo compete on Richard Osman 's House Of Games , televised on BBC Two , alongside Tom Allen ( Comedian ) , Charlie Higson , and Kate Williams .	2020 saw Akudulo compete on Richard Osman 's House of Games , televised on BBC Two , alongside Tom Allen ( Comedian ) , Charlie Higson , and Kate Williams .
2020 saw Akudulo compete on Richard Osman 's House of Games , televised on BBC Two , alongside Tom Allen ( Comedian ) , Charlie Higson , and Kate Williams .	2020 saw Akudulo compete on Richard Osman 's House of Games , televised on BBC Two , alongside Tom Allen , Charlie Higson , and Kate Williams .
He attempted to sign a contract with the AAA organisation but failed as he could n't do well in the tryouts .	He attempted to sign a contract with the AAA organization but failed as he could n't do well in the tryouts .
It was released in October 23 , 2007 by Sparrow Records .	It was released on October 23 , 2007 through Sparrow Records .
This Moment is an album from Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman .	This Moment is an album by the Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman .
A Special Edition was released later , featuring acoustic versions of four of the songs of the album .	A Special Edition was released later , featuring acoustic versions of four of the songs from the album .
Critical Reception .	Critical reception .
" This Moment " peaked at # 47 on " Billboard " 's Digital Albums .	" This Moment " peaked at # 47 on " Billboard " 's Digital Albums chart .
The songs " Cinderella " and " Miracle of the Moment " both peaked at # 4 on " Billboard " Christian Songs .	The songs " Cinderella " and " Miracle of the Moment " both peaked at # 4 on the " Billboard " Christian Songs chart .
This edition featured four additional tracks , including the acoustic version of the hit single " Cinderella " .	This edition has four additional tracks , including the acoustic version of the single " Cinderella " .
This Moment is the twelfth studio album by the Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman .	This Moment is the fifteenth studio album by the Christian singer Steven Curtis Chapman .
She said that the video for the song would be filmed in December .	Ashlee confirmed that the video for the song would be filmed in December .
She described " Out Of My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancey song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .	She described " Out Of My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .
She described " Out Of My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .	She described " Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .
She described " Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .	She described " Outta My Head " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .
She described it as having surrealist influences and mentioned Salvador Dali and " Being John Malkovich " .	She described it as having surrealist influences , mentioning Salvador Dali and " Being John Malkovich " .
The video has peaked at # 1 on the Daily Ten on MuchOnDemand which calculates viewers votes .	The video has peaked at # 1 on the Daily Ten on MuchOnDemand which calculates viewers ' votes .
After only 2 days of downloads on itunes Asutralia , Otta My Head has reached numbr 14 and climbing .	After only 2 days of downloads on itunes Australia , Outta My Head has reached number 14 and climbing .
The single failed to impact Radio in the US upon its release .	The single failed to impact radio in the U.S. upon its release .
Perhaps because the song performed below expectations , the subsequent single from " Bittersweet World " , " Little Miss Obsessive " , was officially deemed to be its first official single .	Perhaps because the song performed below expectations , the subsequent single from " Bittersweet World " , " Little Miss Obsessive " , was officially deemed to be its first true single .
She described " Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancy song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .	She described " Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " as a " fun , dancey song " with " a little bit of an ' 80s feel " and said that it was about all of the people in her life : " too many voices , too many people having their own opinion " .
" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is expected to be released along with Album in the UK and Ireland in May.	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is expected to be released along with Bittersweet World in the UK and Ireland in May.
" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is expected to be released along with Bittersweet World in the UK and Ireland in May.	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is expected to be released along with " Bittersweet World " in the United Kingdom and Ireland in May.
" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is Ashlee 's first UK single since Song in early [ .	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is Ashlee 's first UK single since Boyfriend in early [ .
It was released to UK Music Channels on April 1st , and has recieved extensive Airplay on Most Music Channels .	It was released to UK Music Channels on April 1st , and has received extensive Airplay on Most Music Channels .
The video also peaked at # 5 on the I - tunes video chart in the UK .	The video also peaked at # 4 on the iTunes Video Chart in the UK .
Soon the walls of the office melt away into a surreal desert landscape ( including a Dali - esque melting clock ) , where another , dark - haired version of Simpson sits atop a floating Rubik 's cube and the giant head of a statue in Simpson 's likeness lies on the ground .	Soon the walls of the office melt away into a surreal desert landscape ( including a Dalí - esque melting clock ) , where another , dark - haired version of Simpson sits atop a floating Rubik 's cube and the giant head of a statue in Simpson 's likeness lies on the ground .
The " New York Daily News " , reviewing the album , said that " you wo n't be able to get a song like ' Outta My Head ' outta yours . "	The New York " Daily News " , reviewing the album , said that " you wo n't be able to get a song like ' Outta My Head ' outta yours . "
On April 27rd " Outta My Head " entered the UK singles chart on Downloads alone at # 30 .	On April 27th " Outta My Head " entered the UK singles chart on Downloads alone at # 36 .
On April 27th " Outta My Head " entered the UK singles chart on Downloads alone at # 36 .	On April 27th " Outta My Head " entered the UK Singles Chart on Downloads alone at # 36 .
Her boyfriend ( now finacé ) Pete Wentz described it as " probably the weirdest video I 've seen of hers " and said that it , like the song , " has this kind of multiple personality " .	Her boyfriend ( now fiancé ) Pete Wentz described it as " probably the weirdest video I 've seen of hers " and said that it , like the song , " has this kind of multiple personality " .
The New York " Daily News " , reviewing the album , said that " you wo n't be able to get a song like ' Outta My Head ' outta yours . "	The New York " Daily News " , reviewing the album , said that " you wo n't be able to get a song like ' Outta My Head ' outta yours " .
A Video featuring Dave Aude Remix , is released in Asia .	A video featuring Dave Aude Remix , is released in Asia .
" Outta My Head " entered the Irish Singles Chart at # 26 on Downloads Alone .	" Outta My Head " entered the Irish Singles Chart at # 26 on downloads alone .
Soon the walls of the office melt away into a surreal desert landscape ( including a Dalí - esque melting clock ) , where another , dark - haired version of Simpson sits atop a floating Rubik 's cube and the giant head of a statue in Simpson 's likeness lies on the ground .	Soon the walls of the office melt away into a surreal desert landscape ( including a Dalí - esque melting clock ) , where another , dark - haired version of Simpson sits atop a floating Rubik 's Cube and the giant head of a statue in Simpson 's likeness lies on the ground .
it then climbed to # 30 in the following week .	it then climbed to # 26 in following weeks .
" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is a single sung by American singer Ashlee Simpson , the first from her third album " Bittersweet World " , produced by Timbaland , King Logan and Jerome Harmon .	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is a single performed by Ashlee Simpson , the first from her third album " Bittersweet World " , produced by Timbaland , King Logan and Jerome Harmon .
" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is a single performed by Ashlee Simpson - Wentz , the first from her third album " Bittersweet World " , produced by Timbaland , King Logan and Jerome Harmon .	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is a single performed by Ashlee Simpson , the first from her third album " Bittersweet World " , produced by Timbaland , King Logan and Jerome Harmon .
Simpson tries to escape from this scene , fighting off interviewers and cameramen , but is captured by doctors from a menstrual institution and taken away in an ambulance .	Simpson tries to escape from this scene , fighting off interviewers and cameramen , but is captured by doctors from a mental institution and taken away in an ambulance .
A video featuring Dave Aude Remix , is released in Asia .	A video featuring Dave Aude Remix , was released in Asia .
So far " Outta My Head " has sold over 25,000 copies in the UK .	So far " Outta My Head " has sold over 25,000 copies in the UK since April .
Since April Outta My Head still in UK iTunes Top 100	Outta My Head is still in UK iTunes Top 100
Outta My Head is still in UK Singles Chart over 2 months after it 's official release .	Outta My Head was still in UK Singles Chart over 2 months after it 's official release .
A video featuring Dave Aude Remix , was released in Asia .	A video featuring Dave Aude Remix , was released in Asia and Sweden .
Directed by Alan Ferguson , Simpson filmed the music video for the song over about 48 hours on December 6–7 .	Directed by Alan Ferguson , Simpson filmed the music video for the song over about 48 hours on December 6– 7 .
The bedroom wall is rolled away to reveal a studio set where another version of Simpson is singing and dancing in a robotic manner , similarly to the MV of Kylie Minogue " Wow " .	The bedroom wall is rolled away to reveal a studio set where another version of Simpson is singing and dancing in a robotic manner , similar to Kylie Minogue 's video of " Wow " .
Critical Reception .	Critical reception .
The song was first mentioned in a September 2007 MTV News article describing a sneak peak of Simpson 's album	The song was first mentioned in a September 2007 MTV News article describing a sneak peek of Simpson 's album
When she awakes , she finds she has been tied up by tiny people(a Reference to Gullivers Travels )	When she awakes , she finds she has been tied up by tiny people(a reference to " Gulliver 's Travels " )
Outta My Head ( Ay ya ya ) is the only single from Ashlee Simpson that did n't join in the Billboard Hot 100 On the Australian ARIA Singles Chart , " Outta My Head " debuted at number 30 and then rose to number sixteen in its second week in based solely on downloads .	" Outta My Head ( Ay Ya Ya ) " is the only single from Ashlee Simpson that did n't join in the " Billboard " Hot 100 On the Australian ARIA Singles Chart , " Outta My Head " debuted at number 30 and then rose to number sixteen in its second week in based solely on downloads .
Ference Marton ( b. Ferenc Istvan Marton 7 March 1939 ) is a Swedish educational psychologist who is best known for introducing the distinction between deep and surface approaches to learning , and developing phenomenography as a methodology for educational research .	Ference Marton ( b. Ferenc Istvan Marton 7 March 1939 ) was a Swedish educational psychologist who is best known for introducing the distinction between deep and surface approaches to learning , and developing phenomenography as a methodology for educational research .
More recently , he has developed a theory of classroom learning based on establishing the prerequisites for learning conceived as the " space of learning " .	More recently , he developed a theory of classroom learning based on establishing the prerequisites for learning conceived as the " space of learning " .
The Mariamman Temple of Ho Chi Minh City is a temple dedicated to the Hindu Goddess Mariamman .	The Mariamman Temple in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam , is a temple dedicated to the Hindu goddess Mariamman .
Statues of Lakshmi , Muruga and other devas dot the hallways .	Statues of Lakshmi , Murugan and other devas dot the hallways .
There is also a huge " mandapam " or main hall inside the Koil .	There is also a huge " mandapam " or main hall inside the koil .
There is also a huge " mandapam " or main hall inside the koil .	There is also a huge " mandapam " or main hall inside the koivl .
It was built in the late 19th century by traders from Tamil Nadu known as Nagarathar .	It was built in the late 19th century by traders from Tamil Nadu , India .
Notable performers include Big Bill Broonzy , Larry Lane , Chet Roble , Studs Terkel , Laurence Lane , Fleming Brown and Win Stracke .	Notable performers include Big Bill Broonzy , Larry Lane , Chet Roble , Studs Terkel , Fleming Brown and Win Stracke .
The show featured an ecclectic mix of folk , traditional and blues performers as well as poetry and prose .	The show featured an eclectic mix of folk , traditional and blues performers as well as poetry and prose .
The show 's format was similar to a variaty show , each performance would feature songs and readings on a central topic .	The show 's format was similar to a variety show , each performance would feature songs and readings on a central topic .
I Come For to Sing was a folk music review performed by Chicago musicians and singers , Win Stracke , Big Bill Broonzy and Larry Lane .	I Come for to Sing was a folk music revue performed by Chicago musicians and singers Win Stracke , Big Bill Broonzy and Larry Lane .
" I Come For to Sing " ran successfully for more than ten years , touring colleges and clubs throughout the United States , with the bulk of the activity taking place in the Midwest .	" I Come for to Sing " ran successfully for more than ten years , touring colleges and clubs throughout the United States , with the bulk of the activity taking place in the Midwest .
McCulloch , with her charges , the valuable storeships Nanshan and Zafire .	McCulloch , with her charges , the valuable store ships Nanshan and Zafire .
His order of battle required McCulloch to guard the precious storeships from enemy gunboats .	His order of battle required McCulloch to guard the precious store ships from enemy gunboats .
Americans present off Cavite that day , long recalled , with satisfaction , that McCulloch found no need to tow any warship out of the battleline .	Americans present off Cavite that day , long recalled , with satisfaction , that McCulloch found no need to tow any warship out of the battle line .
She sank 13 June 3 miles northwest of Point Conception , Calif. , after colliding with Pacific Steamship Co. ’s steamer Governor .	She sank 13 June 3 miles northwest of Point Conception , California , after colliding with the Pacific Steamship Company ’s steamer Governor .
Built by William Cramp & Sons , Philadelphia , USS " McCulloch " commissioned 12 December 1897 as a cruising cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service , Capt .	Built by William Cramp & Sons , Philadelphia , USRC " McCulloch " commissioned 12 December 1897 as a cruising cutter of the United States Revenue Cutter Service , Capt .
" Governor " took aboard all of " McCulloch"′s crew , and " McCulloch " sank 35 minutes after the collision three miles northwest of Point Conception , California .	" Governor " took aboard all of " McCulloch"′s crew , and " McCulloch " sank 35 minutes after the collision three miles northwest of Point Conception .
In the ensuing Battle of Manila Bay , Dewey′ siops made five firing runs at close range , wreaking devastation on the Spanish squadron .	In the ensuing Battle of Manila Bay , Dewey′ ships made five firing runs at close range , wreaking devastation on the Spanish squadron .
On 13 June 1917 , " McCulloch " was steaming from San Pedro , California , to San Francisco , proceeding cautiously in heavy fog about four nautical miles west - northwest of Point Conception , California , at 07:30 when her crew heard the fog signal of the Pacific Steamship Company passenger steamer " Governor " , which was bound from San Francisco to San Pedro .	On 13 June 1917 , " McCulloch " was steaming from San Pedro , California , to San Francisco , proceeding cautiously in heavy fog about four nautical miles west - northwest of Point Conception , California , at 07:30 when her crew heard the fog signal of the Pacific Steamship Company passenger steamer " Governor " , which was southbound from San Francisco to San Pedro .
Her four 3-inch ( 76.2-mm ) 6-pounder guns were mounted in sponsons on her forward and aft quarters , and her single 15-inch ( 381-mm ) torpedo tube was molded into her bow .	Her four 3-inch ( 76.2-mm ) 6-pounder guns were mounted in sponsons on her forward and aft quarters , and her single 15-inch ( 381-mm ) torpedo tube was molded into her bowstem .
Officials also announced a decision to leave all remains of the cutter on the ocean floor because strong currents and a build - up of sediment at the wreck site and the fragility of the wreck made recovery of parts of the ship impractical .	Officials also announced a decision to leave all remains of the cutter on the ocean floor because strong currents and a build - up of sediment at the wreck site and the fragility of the wreck made recovery of parts of the wreck impractical .
In peacetime , she saw extensive service in the waters off the Territory of Alaska and U.S. West Coast .	In peacetime , she saw extensive service in the waters off the U.S. West Coast .
The CLA headquarter is accessible within walking distance West from Shuanglian Station or Zhongshan Station of the Taipei Metro .	The MOL headquarter is accessible within walking distance West from Shuanglian Station or Zhongshan Station of the Taipei Metro .
The MOL headquarter is accessible within walking distance West from Shuanglian Station or Zhongshan Station of the Taipei Metro .	The MOL headquarters is accessible within walking distance west from Shuanglian Station or Zhongshan Station of the Taipei Metro .
) is a ministry of the Taiwan ( ROC ) representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .	) is a ministry of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .
) is a ministry of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .	) is a ministry of the Taiwan representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .
) is a ministry of the Taiwan representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .	) is a ministry of Taiwan representing opinions of employees , political and academic circles to review labor policies , laws and regulations , as well as related projects and programs in Taiwan .
The centre of the community is located near the intersection of Highway 321 and Wyvern Road .	The centre of the community is located near the intersection of Route 321 and Wyvern Road .
It is situated in a small valley formed by the River Philip , from which it derives its name .	It is situated in a small valley formed by the River Hodgie , from which it derives its name .
River Philip is a Canadian rural community in Cumberland County , Nova Scotia .	River Hodgie is a Canadian rural community in Cumberland County , Nova Scotia .
At Large Films is also known as ( @Large Films ) and is a National full service Film and Video Commercial Production Company based in Portland , Oregon .	At Large Films is also known as ( @ Large Films ) and is a National full service Film and Video Commercial Production Company based in Portland , Oregon .
In Royal Navy Service .	In Royal Navy service .
Aboard the " Hoche " was Theobald Wolfe Tone , the leading figure in the Society of United Irishmen .	Aboard the " Hoche " was Wolfe Tone , the leading figure in the Society of United Irishmen .
The next three British ships into action , the frigates HMS " Ethalion " , HMS " Melampus " and HMS " Amelia " , all raked the isolated " Hoche " as they passed before pressing on sail to pursue the French frigates , now sailing towards to the south - west .	The next three British ships into action , the frigates HMS " Ethalion " , " Melampus " and " Amelia " , all raked the isolated " Hoche " as they passed before pressing on sail to pursue the French frigates , now sailing towards to the south - west .
She was not present at Trafalgar , but was able , on 23 October , to capture the partially dismasted Spanish first rate " Rayo " which had escaped Trafalgar , but had been ordered to sea again to attempt to recaptured some of the British prizes .	She was not present at Trafalgar , but was able , on 23 October , to capture the partially dismasted Spanish first rate " Rayo " which had escaped Trafalgar , but had been ordered to sea again to attempt to recapture some of the British prizes .
She was captured by the British on 12 October 1798 and recommissioned in the Royal navy as HMS " Donegal " .	She was captured by the British on 12 October 1798 and recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS " Donegal " .
By 1805 " Donegal " was still off Cadiz , under the command of Captain Pulteney Malcom .	By 1805 " Donegal " was still off Cadiz , under the command of Captain Pulteney Malcolm .
Captain Malcom then moved his position to fire a few broadsides into the " Jupiter " before sending a boarding party aboard her .	Captain Malcolm then moved his position to fire a few broadsides into the " Jupiter " before sending a boarding party aboard her .
Captain Malcom then directed the frigate HMS " Acasta " to take possession of the " Brave " .	Captain Malcolm then directed the frigate HMS " Acasta " to take possession of the " Brave " .
She remained under the command of Pulteney Malcom , and was stationed off Finisterre throughout 1807 .	She remained under the command of Pulteney Malcolm , and was stationed off Finisterre throughout 1807 .
" Donegal " was at Spithead in 1808 and over a period of five days from 1 August Captain Malcom oversaw the disembarkation of Sir Arthur Wellesley 's army at Mondego Bay .	" Donegal " was at Spithead in 1808 and over a period of five days from 1 August Captain Malcolm oversaw the disembarkation of Sir Arthur Wellesley 's army at Mondego Bay .
On her arrival , Captain Malcom resumed command of the " Donegal " .	On her arrival , Captain Malcolm resumed command of the " Donegal " .
She formed the flag ship of an expedition under Commodore Jean - Baptiste - François Bompart , consisting of the " Hoche " and eight frigates , and transporting 3,000 French troops .	She formed the flagship of an expedition under Commodore Jean - Baptiste - François Bompart , consisting of the " Hoche " and eight frigates , and transporting 3,000 French troops .
She then became the flag ship of Rear - admiral Eliab Harvey , and was later placed under the command of Rear - admiral Richard Keats in the Channel .	She then became the flagship of Rear - admiral Eliab Harvey , and was later placed under the command of Rear - admiral Richard Keats in the Channel .
Despite throwing them off , they were then pursued by a fleet of larger ships under the command of Sir John Borlase Warren .	Despite throwing them off , they were then pursued by a fleet of larger ships under the command of Commodore Sir John Borlase Warren .
The battle started at 07:00 in the morning , with Warren giving the signal for HMS " Robust " to steer for the French line and attack " Hoche " directly .	The battle started at 07:00 in the morning , with Warren giving the signal for to steer for the French line and attack " Hoche " directly .
" Hoche " then came under fire from HMS " Magnanime " .	" Hoche " then came under fire from .
She was taken over and later commissioned into the Navy as HMS " Amfitrite " .	She was taken over and later commissioned into the Navy as .
She was not present at Trafalgar , but was able , on 23 October , to capture the partially dismasted Spanish first rate " Rayo " which had escaped Trafalgar , but had been ordered to sea again to attempt to recapture some of the British prizes .	She was not present at Trafalgar , but was able , on 23 October , to capture the partially dismasted Spanish first rate which had escaped Trafalgar , but had been ordered to sea again to attempt to recapture some of the British prizes .
Captain Malcolm then directed the frigate HMS " Acasta " to take possession of the " Brave " .	Captain Malcolm then directed the frigate to take possession of the " Brave " .
On 13 October 1810 , the frigates HMS " Diana " and HMS " Niobe " attacked and drove two French frigates ashore near La Hogue .	On 13 October 1810 , the frigates and " Niobe " attacked and drove two French frigates ashore near La Hogue .
She formed the flagship of an expedition under Commodore Jean - Baptiste - François Bompart , consisting of the " Hoche " and eight frigates , and transporting 3,000 French troops .	She formed the flagship of an expedition under Commodore Jean - Baptiste - François Bompart , consisting of " Hoche " and eight frigates , and transporting 3,000 French troops .
Aboard the " Hoche " was Wolfe Tone , the leading figure in the Society of United Irishmen .	Aboard " Hoche " was Wolfe Tone , the leading figure in the Society of United Irishmen .
With the " Hoche " heavily damaged , Bompart finally surrendered at 10:50 with 270 of his crew and passengers killed or wounded , giving his sword to Lieutenant Sir Charles Dashwood .	With " Hoche " heavily damaged , Bompart finally surrendered at 10:50 with 270 of his crew and passengers killed or wounded , giving his sword to Lieutenant Sir Charles Dashwood .
As " Hoche " , she took part in the French attempt to land in County Donegal , in the west of Ulster , to support the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .	" Hoche " took part in the French attempt to land in County Donegal , in the west of Ulster , to support the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
On 13 November 1810 , the frigates and " Niobe " attacked two French frigates ( " Élisa " and " Amazone " ) which sought protection under the shore batteries near La Hogue .	On 13 November 1810 , the frigates and " Niobe " attacked two French frigates ( " Elisa " and " Amazone " ) , which sought protection under the shore batteries near Saint - Vaast - la - Hougue .
" Donegal " and arrived two days later and together the four ships fired upon the French for as long as the tide would allow .	" Revenge " and " Donegal " arrived two days later and together the four ships fired upon the French for as long as the tide would allow .
The Potoci River is a tributary of the Bistriţa downstream of Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Tarcău , Romania .	The Potoci River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River downstream of Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Tarcău , Romania .
From 1934 - 1942 he managed Longacres Farm on the Eastern Shore of Maryland , specializing in Guernsey cattle .	From 1934 - 42 he managed Longacres Farm on the Eastern Shore of Maryland , specializing in Guernsey cattle .
Frank J. Cosentino , president of Edward Marshall Boehm , Inc. , explained the importance of Edward Marshall Boehm hard - paste porcelain sculpture:"Prior to Edward Marshall Boehm ’s venture in 1950s , few , if any , American firms had ever made hard - paste porcelain sculpture that successfully compared with the fine centuries - old production of Europe and Asia . "	Frank J. Cosentino , president of Edward Marshall Boehm , Inc. , explained the importance of Edward Marshall Boehm hard - paste porcelain sculpture:"Prior to Edward Marshall Boehm 's venture in 1950s , few , if any , American firms had ever made hard - paste porcelain sculpture that successfully compared with the fine centuries - old production of Europe and Asia . "
Boehm kept a large collection of exotic birds in aviaries and tropical houses at his home in Trenton .	Boehm kept a large collection of exotic birds in extensive aviaries and tropical houses at his home in Trenton .
He and his wife founded their eponymous company , E. M. Boehm Studios , in 1950 .	He and his wife founded an eponymous company , E.M. Boehm Studios , in 1950 .
Boehm was accorded its highest honor in 1992 when a wing of the Vatican Museums in Rome was named in his memory .	Boehm was accorded his highest honor in 1992 when a wing of the Vatican Museums in Rome was named in his memory .
The anhydrous form is reported to be unstable , decomposing to BeO and CO2 , and requiring storage under CO2 .	The anhydrous form is reported to be unstable , decomposing to BeO and carbon dioxide , and requiring storage under CO2 .
It may causes irritation .	It may cause irritation .
It should be handled carefully since several related beryllium compounds are known carcinogen .	It should be handled carefully since several related beryllium compounds are known carcinogens .
Halperin and Wallace contacted many of the people involved in the events surrounding Cobain 's death .	Ian Halperin and Max Wallace contacted many of the people involved in the events surrounding Cobain 's death .
It was written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace , two investigative journalists from Rolling Stone Magazine who are both recipients of Rolling Stones prestigious Award for Investigative Journalism .	It was written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace , two investigative journalists from Rolling Stone Magazine who are both recipients of Rolling Stone 's prestigious Award for Investigative Journalism .
It includes exclusive access to the case files and tape recordings of Love 's former private investigator Tom Grant .	It includes exclusive access to the case files and tape recordings of Courtney Love 's former private investigator Tom Grant .
" Love and Death " reached # 18 on the New York Times Bestseller list in April of 2004 .	" Love and Death " reached # 18 on the New York Times Bestseller list in April 2004 .
ISBN : 978 - 0 - 595 - 46319 - 0	i - Universe , 2008 .
Love and Death : The Final Days of Kurt Cobain , published by Simon & Schuster , is a collaborative investigative journalism book written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace purporting to show that rock star Kurt Cobain , believed to have committed suicide , was in fact murdered , possibly at the behest of his wife Courtney Love .	Love and Death : The Murder of Kurt Cobain , published by Simon & Schuster , is a collaborative investigative journalism book written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace purporting to show that rock star Kurt Cobain , believed to have committed suicide , was in fact murdered , possibly at the behest of his wife Courtney Love .
London 's Guardian newspaper described the book as " valuably different in tone to everything else you 'll read on the subject . "	London 's The Guardian newspaper described the book as " valuably different in tone to everything else you 'll read on the subject . "
London 's The Guardian newspaper described the book as " valuably different in tone to everything else you 'll read on the subject . "	Britain 's The Guardian newspaper described the book as " valuably different in tone to everything else you 'll read on the subject . "
Love and Death : The Murder of Kurt Cobain , published by Simon & Schuster , is a collaborative investigative journalism book written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace purporting to show that rock star Kurt Cobain , believed to have committed suicide , was in fact murdered , possibly at the behest of his wife Courtney Love .	Kak and Death : The Murder of Kurt Cobain , published by Simon & Schuster , is a collaborative investigative journalism book written by Ian Halperin and Max Wallace purporting to show that rock star Kurt Cobain , believed to have committed suicide , was in fact murdered , possibly at the behest of his wife Courtney Love .
Shortly after the book 's release , the television show nothing"Dateline NBC " aired a segment critically examining some of the book 's conclusions .	Shortly after the book 's release , the television show " Dateline NBC " aired a segment critically examining some of the book 's conclusions .
Consistent ( soccer ) football competitions were taken place in Ukraine in the begining of the 20th century when the modern country was divided between Hungary , Poland , Romania , and Russia .	Consistent ( soccer ) football competitions were taken place in Ukraine in the beginning of the 20th century when the modern country was divided between Hungary , Poland , Romania , and Russia .
Oleh Blokhin a Kyivan native and the greatest Ukrainian player and coach ever , at least for now , is the USSR national team leader in games participated and goals scored for his team .	Oleh Blokhin another Kyivan native and the greatest Ukrainian player and coach ever , at least for now , is the USSR national team leader in games participated and goals scored for his team .
In the 1970 's and 1980 's the backbone of the USSR national team were players out of the Dinamo Kyiv 's first team while the team was also coached by the Kyivan native and the Dinamo Kyiv franchise person -- Valery Lobanovsky .	In the 1970 's and 1980 's the backbone of the USSR national team were players out of the Dinamo Kyiv 's first team while the team was also coached by the Kievan native and the Dinamo Kyiv franchise person -- Valery Lobanovsky .
Oleh Blokhin another Kyivan native and the greatest Ukrainian player and coach ever , at least for now , is the USSR national team leader in games participated and goals scored for his team .	Oleh Blokhin another Kievan native and the greatest Ukrainian player and coach ever , at least for now , is the USSR national team leader in games participated and goals scored for his team .
This in turn forced many football ( soccer ) players to jump national teams and continue to play in the neighboring countries .	This in turn forced many football ( soccer ) players to jump national teams and continued to play for the neighboring countries .
Pogoń 's players even though are considered to be Polish , most of them were born in Galicia ( Halychyna ) and stayed in their native land moving west after the Soviet occupied Poland in 1939 .	Pogoń 's players even though are considered to be Polish , most of them were born in Galicia ( Halychyna ) and stayed in their native land moving west after the Soviet Union occupied Poland in 1939 .
In the 1970s and 1980s the backbone of the USSR national team were players out of the Dinamo Kyiv 's first team while the team was also coached by the Kievan native and the Dinamo Kyiv franchise person -- Valery Lobanovsky .	In the 1970s and 1980s the backbone of the Soviet Union national football team were players out of the Dinamo Kyiv 's first team while the team was also coached by the Kievan native and the Dinamo Kyiv franchise person -- Valery Lobanovsky .
The Primate of Africa is an honorific title in the Roman Catholic church , but in early Christianity was the leading Bishop or Primate ( Bishop ) in Africa , except for Mauritania which was under Rome and Egypt which was suffrgan to Alexandria .	The Primate of Africa is an honorific title in the Roman Catholic church , but in early Christianity was the leading Bishop or primate in Africa , except for Mauritania which was under Rome and Egypt which was suffragan to Alexandria .
Pope Leo confirmed the Primacy of the Bishop of Carthage in 446 , when he wrote " Indeed , after Romean Bishop , the leading Bishop and metropolitan for all Africa is the Bishop of Carthage " .	Pope Leo confirmed the Primacy of the Bishop of Carthage in 446 , when he wrote " Indeed , after the Roman Bishop , the leading Bishop and metropolitan for all Africa is the Bishop of Carthage " .
Today the Archbishops of Carthage and Primate of Africa has been incorperated into the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis .	Today the Archbishops of Carthage and Primate of Africa has been incorporated into the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis .
Pope Leo confirmed the Primacy of the Bishop of Carthage in 446 , when he wrote " Indeed , after the Roman Bishop , the leading Bishop and metropolitan for all Africa is the Bishop of Carthage " .	Pope Leo confirmed the primacy of the Bishop of Carthage in 446 , when he wrote " Indeed , after the Roman Bishop , the leading Bishop and metropolitan for all Africa is the Bishop of Carthage " .
Today the Archbishops of Carthage and Primate of Africa has been incorporated into the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis .	Today the Archbishop of Carthage and Primate of Africa has been incorporated into the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tunis .
The title Primate was applied to the Archbishops of Carthage and Tunis for a time from 1894 till Tunisian independence in 1964 .	The title Primate was applied to the Archbishop of Carthage and Tunis for a time from 1894 till Tunisian independence in 1964 .
Patrick Heim ( born May 25 , 1984 in Wayne , Pennsylvania ) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Boston Cannons in Major League Lacrosse and the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League .	Patrick Pat Heim ( born May 25 , 1984 in Wayne , Pennsylvania ) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Boston Cannons in Major League Lacrosse and the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League .
with Michaels which Michaels won after a Sweet Chin Music then Mr McMahon decided to have a match at Backlash with Michaels partner God and Michaels accepted .	with Michaels which Michaels won after a Sweet Chin Music then Mr. McMahon decided to have a match at Backlash with Michaels partner God and Michaels accepted .
The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and God versus Vince McMahon and Shane McMahon and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin for the WWE Intercontinental Championship .	The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and God versus Mr . McMahon and Shane McMahon , and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin for the WWE Intercontinental Championship .
The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Mr . McMahon and Shane McMahon , and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin for the WWE Intercontinental Championship .	The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Mr . McMahon and Shane McMahon , and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin in a title vs. briefcase match .
The other main event match on the card was between Vince McMahon and Shane McMahon verses Shawn Michaels and God .	The other main event match on the card was Vince McMahon and Shane McMahon versus Shawn Michaels and God .
At the 2006 Royal Rumble , Shane McMahon made a surprising return when he eliminated Michaels from the Rumble match , though Shane was not a participant of the match .	At the Royal Rumble , Shane McMahon made a surprising appearance when he eliminated Michaels from the Rumble match , though Shane was not a participant of the match .
The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Mr . McMahon and Shane McMahon , and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin in a title vs. briefcase match .	The main matches on the undercard were Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Mr. McMahon and Shane McMahon , and Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin in a title vs. briefcase match .
It cultivated when Triple H won the number one contender spot to face WWE Champion John Cena at WrestleMania 22 .	It culminated when Triple H won the number one contender spot to face WWE Champion John Cena at WrestleMania 22 .
Weeks before their scheduled match , the two would continuously feud with one another .	Weeks before their scheduled match , the two continuously feuded with one another .
The next night on " RAW " , Triple H demanded another shot at the WWE Championship , but Edge and Lita interrupted Triple H 's segment .	The next night on " Raw " , Triple H demanded another shot at the WWE Championship , but Edge and Lita interrupted Triple H 's segment .
Edge , who in the beginning of 2006 , became WWE Champion , when he cashed in his Money in the Bank title shot at New Year 's Revolution by giving Cena two Spears .	Edge , in the beginning of 2006 , became WWE Champion when he cashed in his Money in the Bank title shot at New Year 's Revolution by giving Cena two Spears .
At the Royal Rumble , Shane McMahon made a surprising appearance when he eliminated Michaels from the Rumble match , though Shane was not a participant of the match .	At the Royal Rumble , Shane McMahon made a surprising appearance when he eliminated Michaels from the Rumble match , though Shane was not a participant in the match .
In the beginning of the match , Carlito had the upper hand over Masters , he executed a plancha and a Springboard Back elbow .	In the beginning of the match , Carlito had the upper hand over Masters , and he executed a plancha and a Springboard Back elbow .
But Masters would soon catch on , when he powerbombed Carlito into the turnbuckle .	Masters soon caught on , when he powerbombed Carlito into the turnbuckle .
However , Carlito came out on the winning end when he hit Masters with a Back Cracker and using the ropes for leverage .	Carlito , however , came out on the winning end when he hit Masters with a Back Cracker and using the ropes for leverage .
The match had escalated when Stratus caught Mickie with an Air Canada outside the ring .	The match had escalated when Stratus caught James with an Air Canada outside the ring .
Afterwards , Mickie choked Stratus with a wristband she was wearing that fell off during the match , therefore giving the win to Stratus , and Mickie losing the match by DQ and retaining the Championship .	Afterwards , James choked Stratus with a wristband she was wearing that fell off during the match , therefore giving the win to Stratus , as James lost by DQ and retained the Championship .
Both Van Dam and Shelton started the match with highspots as Shelton did a Sunset flip powerbomb to Van Dam in the apron from the floor and Shelton leaped from the top rope , turning into a Suplex but Van Dam kicked out of it .	Both Van Dam and Banjamin started the match with highspots as Benjmain performed a Sunset flip powerbomb on Van Dam in the apron from the floor , and Benjamin leapt from the top rope , turning into a Suplex but Van Dam kicked out of it .
The next match was The Big Show versus Kane which ended up in a no - contest , after a red hue covered the ring and voices taunting Kane with " May 19 " and Big Show who seemed to have enough , hit Kane with a steel chair and walked away .	The next match was The Big Show versus Kane , which ended in a no - contest after a red hue covered the ring and voices taunting Kane with " May 19 " and Big Show who seemed to have enough , hit Kane with a steel chair and walked away .
After Vince and Shane took turns assaulting Michaels , the older McMahon grabbed a microphone and informed Michaels that " God " had left the building , and dared to use Sweet Chin Music , Michaels own finisher , against him .	After Vince and Shane took turns assaulting Michaels , the older McMahon grabbed a microphone and informed Michaels that " God " had left the building and used Sweet Chin Music , Michaels own finisher , against him .
The seventh and the final match of the event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Edge and Triple H. As the match began , Edge chose to stand outside the ring , mainly hoping that Cena and Triple H would simply go at it .	The seventh and the final match of the event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Edge and Triple H. As the match began , Edge chose to stand outside the ring , hoping that Cena and Triple H would simply go at it .
Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he sent Triple H crashing into the ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing amounts of blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT , he turned his focus onto Cena .	Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he sent Triple H crashing into the ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT and then turning his focus onto Cena .
On the May 15 edition of " RAW " , Rob Van Dam lost the Intercontinental Championship to Shelton Benjamin .	On the May 15 edition of " Raw " , Rob Van Dam lost the Intercontinental Championship to Shelton Benjamin .
On the May 22 edition of " RAW " , Van Dam informed WWE Champion John Cena that he would be cashing in his Money in the Bank contract at ECW One Night Stand for a WWE Championship match .	On the May 22 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam informed WWE Champion John Cena that he would be cashing in his Money in the Bank contract at ECW One Night Stand for a WWE Championship match .
On May 29 edition of " RAW " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from RAW to to WWE 's new ECW brand .	On May 29 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from RAW to to WWE 's new ECW brand .
At One Night Stand , John Cena lost the WWE Championship to Rob Van Dam , in an Extreme Rules Match .	At One Night Stand , Cena lost the WWE Championship to Van Dam in an Extreme Rules match .
On the June 12 edition of " RAW " , Shawn Michaels and Triple H soon reunited to reform their previous wrestling stable , D - Generation X. DX defeated the Spirit Squad at Vengeance 2006 in a 5-on-2 handicap match .	On the June 12 edition of " Raw " , Shawn Michaels and Triple H soon reunited to reform their previous wrestling stable , D - Generation X. DX defeated the Spirit Squad at Vengeance in a 5-on-2 handicap match .
Backlash ( 2006 ) was the eighth annual Backlash professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .	Backlash ( 2006 ) was the eighth annual Backlash professional wrestling pay - per - view event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) .
Throughout weeks on " Raw " , the Impostor intervened during Kane 's matches .	Throughout weeks on " Raw " , the Impostor interfered during Kane 's matches .
The main event was John Cena defending his WWE Championship against Triple H and Edge in a Triple Threat match , which Cena won after he pinned Triple H with a roll - up .	The main event was John Cena defending his WWE Championship against Triple H and Edge in a Triple Threat match , which Cena won after he pinned Triple H with a jackknife roll - up .
The main event was John Cena defending his WWE Championship against Triple H and Edge in a Triple Threat match , which Cena won after he pinned Triple H with a jackknife roll - up .	The main event was John Cena defending the WWE Championship against Triple H and Edge in a Triple Threat match , which Cena won after he pinned Triple H with a jackknife roll - up .
As Michaels rose from the aerial technique , Shane hit Michaels with a chair , busting Michaels open .	As Michaels rose from the aerial technique , Shane hit Michaels with a steel chair , busting Michaels open .
After Vince and Shane took turns assaulting Michaels , the older McMahon grabbed a microphone and informed Michaels that " God " had left the building and used Sweet Chin Music , Michaels own finisher , against him .	After Vince and Shane took turns assaulting Michaels , the older McMahon grabbed a microphone and informed Michaels that " God " had left the building and used Sweet Chin Music , Michaels ' own finisher , against him .
Michaels battled back and grabbed the upper hand as he was going to deliver the final blow , as he stood on top of a tall ladder .	Michaels battled back and grabbed the upper hand as he was going to deliver the final blow , as he stood on top of a ladder .
It culminated when Triple H won the number one contender spot to face WWE Champion John Cena at WrestleMania 22 .	The feud began when Triple H won the number one contender spot to face WWE Champion John Cena at WrestleMania 22 .
Afterwards , James choked Stratus with a wristband she was wearing that fell off during the match , therefore giving the win to Stratus , as James lost by DQ and retained the Championship .	Afterwards , James choked Stratus with a wristband she was wearing that fell off during the match , therefore giving the win to Stratus , as James lost by disqualification and retained the Championship .
When Stratus delivered punches to James , who was on the second turnbuckle , James back body dropped her over the top rope , causing Stratus to land hard on her right arm .	When Stratus delivered punches to James , who was on the second turnbuckle , James back body dropped her over the top rope , causing Stratus to land on her right arm .
At WrestleMania , the Spirit Squad and Shane McMahon interfered on McMahon 's behalf , but Michaels defeated Vince McMahon after he performed Sweet Chin Music and capturing the pinfall victory .	At WrestleMania , the Spirit Squad and Shane McMahon interfered on McMahon 's behalf , but Michaels defeated Vince McMahon after he performed Sweet Chin Music and captured the pinfall victory .
Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he sent Triple H crashing into the ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT and then turning his focus onto Cena .	Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he catapulted Triple H into a ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT and then turning his focus onto Cena .
Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he catapulted Triple H into a ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT and then turning his focus onto Cena .	Things took a brief turn in Edge 's favor when he sent Triple H crashing into the ringpost , opening up Triple H 's head and releasing blood , afterwards nailing Triple H with a DDT and then turning his focus onto Cena .
On May 29 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from Raw to to WWE 's new ECW brand .	On May 29 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from Raw to WWE 's new ECW brand .
After losing the WWE Championship to Rob Van Dam at One Night Stand , Cena began an angle with the newly created ECW brand , which concluded in a match against Sabu at Vengeance .	After losing the WWE Championship to Rob Van Dam at One Night Stand , John Cena began an angle with the newly created ECW brand , which concluded in a match against Sabu at Vengeance .
Following the conclusion of Backlash , Kane ended his feud with The Big Show and started feuding with an " Imposter Kane " , which culminated the proceeding month at Vengeance .	Following the conclusion of Backlash , Kane ended his feud with The Big Show and started feuding with an " Imposter Kane " , which culminated two months later at Vengeance .
Michaels interrupted McMahon and informed him to " let it go " and " move on " from the events of Survivor Series .	Michaels interrupted McMahon and told him to " let it go " and " move on " from the events of Survivor Series .
The McMahons ( Vince and Shane McMahon ) along with The Spirit Squad continued their feud with Shawn Michaels .	The McMahons along with The Spirit Squad continued their feud with Shawn Michaels .
Before the match began , backstage Mr. McMahon flaunted his own " miracles " , such as laying hands on Candice Michelle and healing her chest cold .	Before the match began , backstage Vince McMahon flaunted his own " miracles " , such as laying hands on Candice Michelle and healing her chest cold .
As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Mr. McMahon informed the referee to " check " God for any hidden objects , as God was being " portrayed " by the stage spotlight .	As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Vince McMahon informed the referee to " check " God for any hidden objects , as God was being " portrayed " by the stage spotlight .
Mr. McMahon pinned Michaels after the Spirit Squad maneuvered their finishing move , The High Spirits and sent Michaels crashing through a table .	Vince McMahon pinned Michaels after the Spirit Squad maneuvered their finishing move , The High Spirits and sent Michaels crashing through a table .
Throughout the match Umaga had the upper hand over Flair as he hit a knee to his head .	Throughout the match Umaga had the upper hand over Flair as Umaga delivered a knee to Flair 's head .
Before the match began , backstage Vince McMahon flaunted his own " miracles " , such as laying hands on Candice Michelle and healing her chest cold .	Before the match began , backstage Mr. McMahon flaunted his own " miracles " , such as laying hands on Candice Michelle and healing her chest cold .
As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Vince McMahon informed the referee to " check " God for any hidden objects , as God was being " portrayed " by the stage spotlight .	As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Vince informed the referee to " check " God for any hidden objects , as God was being " portrayed " by the stage spotlight .
Vince McMahon pinned Michaels after the Spirit Squad maneuvered their finishing move , The High Spirits and sent Michaels crashing through a table .	Mr. McMahon pinned Michaels after the Spirit Squad maneuvered their finishing move , The High Spirits and sent Michaels crashing through a table .
On the May 29 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from Raw to WWE 's new ECW brand .	On May 29 edition of " Raw " , Van Dam was selected by ECW Representative Paul Heyman to be drafted from Raw to WWE 's new ECW brand .
The seventh and the final match of the event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Edge and Triple H. As the match began , Edge chose to stand outside the ring , hoping that Cena and Triple H would simply fight the match themselves .	The seventh and final match of the event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Edge , and Triple H. As the match began , Edge chose to stand outside the ring , hoping that Cena and Triple H would simply fight the match themselves .
The next night on " Raw " , The McMahons confronted Michaels informing him that his win at WrestleMania was " an act of God " , therefore setting up the tag team match at Backlash that would have The McMahons facing Michaels and God .	The next night on " Raw " , The McMahons confronted Michaels and informed him that his win at WrestleMania was " an act of God , " therefore setting up the tag team match at Backlash that would have The McMahons facing Michaels and God .
The main event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Heavyweight Championship between John Cena , Triple H , and Edge , which Cena won by pinning Triple H with a jackknife roll - up .	The main event was a Triple Threat match for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Triple H , and Edge , which Cena won by pinning Triple H with a jackknife roll - up .
One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Vince and Shane McMahon , which the McMahons won by pinning Michaels after interference from The Spirit Squad .	One of the predominant matches on the card was Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Vince and Shane McMahon , which the McMahons won after pinning Michaels following interference from The Spirit Squad .
Another primary match on the undercard was Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin in a Title vs. Briefcase match , which Van Dam won to become the WWE Intercontinental Champion .	Another primary match on the undercard was Rob Van Dam versus Shelton Benjamin in a Title vs. Briefcase match , Van Dam won the match to become the WWE Intercontinental Champion .
The two would go on to defeat The Spirit Squad two months later .	The two would go on to defeat The Spirit Squad two months later at Vengeance .
After losing the WWE Championship to Rob Van Dam at One Night Stand , John Cena began an angle with the newly created ECW brand , which concluded in a match against Sabu at Vengeance .	After losing the WWE Championship to Rob Van Dam at One Night Stand , Cena began an angle with the newly created ECW brand , which concluded in a match against Sabu at Vengeance .
He was Champion for only three weeks , as Cena reclaimed the Championship at the 2006 Royal Rumble .	He was WWE Champion for only three weeks , when Cena reclaimed the Championship at the 2006 Royal Rumble .
All three men had a series of handicap matches leading up to Backlash with Triple H pinning Cena after a Pedigree , Cena forcing Edge to submit to the STFU , and Edge spearing Triple H and pinning him .	All three men had a series of Handicap matches leading up to Backlash with Triple H pinning Cena after a Pedigree , Cena forcing Edge to submit to the STFU , and Edge spearing Triple H and pinning him .
Then it was announced that Cena would defend the Championship in a Triple Threat match against Triple H and Edge .	Then it was announced that Cena would defend the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match against Triple H and Edge at Backlash .
Umaga had the advantage throughout the match , as he hit a knee to his head .	Umaga had the advantage throughout the match , as Umaga hit Flair with a knee to his head .
He defeated Flair by pinning him after executing the Samoan Spike .	He defeated Flair by pinning him after executing a Samoan Spike .
Edge claimed that it was time for a new opponent for the WWE Championship , after proclaiming that at WrestleMania , Triple H lost his opportunity when he submitted to Cena 's STFU .	Edge claimed that it was time for a new opponent for the WWE Championship , after stating that at WrestleMania , Triple H lost his opportunity when he lost to Cena .
Then it was announced that Cena would defend the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match against Triple H and Edge at Backlash .	It was then announced that Cena would defend the WWE Championship in a Triple Threat match against Triple H and Edge at Backlash .
Triple H , who was included during the feud , was ordered by Vince McMahon to " break Michaels ' skull " , with his signature sledgehammer .	Triple H , who was included during the rivalry , was ordered by Vince McMahon to " break Michaels ' skull " , with his signature sledgehammer .
Triple H , however , backfired when trying to become a member , when he Pedigreed McMahon and laying him and Shane out in the ring .	Triple H , however , backfired when trying to become a member , when he gave a Pedigree to McMahon and laying him and Shane out in the ring .
On the June 12 edition of " Raw " , McMahon booked Triple H in a Gauntlet match against the Spirit Squad .	On the June 12 edition of " Raw " , McMahon booked Triple H in a Handicap Gaunlet match against the Spirit Squad .
The WWE Championship main event match and Shawn Michaels and " God " versus The McMahons were both rated a seven and a half out of ten .	The WWE Championship main event match and Shawn Michaels and " God " versus the McMahons were both rated a seven and a half out of ten .
It was the 8th event under the Backlash name and featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the Raw brand .	It was the eighth event under the Backlash name and featured wrestlers and other talent that performed on the Raw brand .
The other main event featured Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Vince and Shane McMahon in a No Holds Barred match , which Vince and Shane won .	The other main event featured Shawn Michaels and " God " versus Vince and Shane McMahon in a No Holds Barred match , which was won by the McMahons .
The event received 273,000 pay - per - view buys , which was greater than the buys the previous year 's event received .	The event received 273,000 pay - per - view buys , which was more buys than the previous year 's event received .
This enabled WWE 's pay - per - view revenue to increase by $ 4.3 million from the previous year .	This contributed to WWE 's pay - per - view revenue increasing by $ 4.3 million from the previous year .
Backlash featured professional wrestling matches that involve different wrestlers from pre - existing scripted feuds , plots , and storylines that were played out on " Raw " .	Backlash featured professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre - existing scripted feuds , plots , and storylines that were played out on " Raw " .
Edge claimed that it was time for a new opponent for the WWE Championship , after stating that at WrestleMania , Triple H lost his opportunity when he lost to Cena .	Edge claimed that it was time for a new challenger for the WWE Championship , stating that Triple H lost his opportunity when he lost to Cena at Wrestlemania .
Mr. McMahon booked himself and Michaels in a No Holds Barred match at WrestleMania 22 .	Mr. McMahon later booked himself and Michaels in a No Holds Barred match at WrestleMania 22 .
At WrestleMania , the Spirit Squad and Shane McMahon interfered on McMahon 's behalf , but Michaels defeated Vince McMahon after he performed Sweet Chin Music and captured the pinfall victory .	At WrestleMania , the Spirit Squad and Shane McMahon interfered on Vince McMahon 's behalf , but Michaels eventually won the match after he performed Sweet Chin Music and captured the pinfall victory .
All three men had a series of Handicap matches leading up to Backlash with Triple H pinning Cena after a pedigree , Cena forcing Edge to submit to the STFU , and Edge spearing Triple H and pinning him .	All three men had a series of Handicap matches leading up to Backlash with Triple H pinning Cena after a Pedigree , Cena forcing Edge to submit to the STFU , and Edge spearing Triple H and pinning him .
As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Vince informed the referee to check " God " for any hidden objects , as " God " was being portrayed by the stage spotlight .	As soon as The McMahons made their way to the ring , Vince informed the referee to " check " God for any hidden objects , as God was being " portrayed " by the stage spotlight .
The main event at Backlash was contested in a Triple Threat match , a standard match involving three wrestlers for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Triple H ( Paul Levesque ) , and Edge ( Adam Copeland ) .	The main event at Backlash was contested in a Triple Threat match , a standard wrestling match involving three wrestlers for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Triple H , and Edge ( Adam Copeland ) .
Backlash ( 2006 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .	Backlash ( 2006 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .
The match was a " Title versus Briefcase match " between Rob Van Dam ( the Money in the Bank holder ) and Shelton Benjamin ( the Intercontinental Champion ) .	The match was a " Title versusBriefcase match " between Rob Van Dam ( the Money in the Bank holder ) and Shelton Benjamin ( the Intercontinental Champion ) .
Near the end of the match , Cena had Edge on his shoulders for an FU , Triple H then delivered a low blow to Cena , which made Cena drop Edge out of the ring and attempted to execute a Pedigree .	Near the end of the match , Cena had Edge on his shoulders for an FU , Triple H then delivered a groin attack to Cena , which made Cena drop Edge out of the ring and attempted to execute a Pedigree .
The match was a " Title versus Briefcase match " between Rob Van Dam ( the Money in the Bank holder ) and Shelton Benjamin ( the Intercontinental Champion ) .	The match was a " Title versusBriefcase match " between Rob Van Dam ( the Money in the Bank holder ) and Shelton Benjamin ( the Intercontinental Champion ) .
Near the end of the match , Cena had Edge on his shoulders for an FU , Triple H then delivered a groin attack to Cena , which made Cena drop Edge out of the ring and attempted to execute a Pedigree .	Near the end of the match , Cena had Edge on his shoulders for an FU , Triple H then delivered a low blow to Cena , which made Cena drop Edge out of the ring and attempted to execute a Pedigree .
In the beginning of the match , Carlito had the advantage over Masters , as he jumped from the ring to the outside and impacts his chest against Masters chest , and a Springboard Back elbow .	In the beginning of the match , Carlito had the advantage over Masters , as he jumped from the ring to the outside and impacts his chest against Masters ' chest , and performed a Springboard Back elbow .
Carlito performed a Back Cracker , a move where the wrestlers goes behind the opponent and jumping up to place both his knees against the opponent 's back , forcing the wrestler 's knees to push up into the back of the opponent .	Carlito performed a Back Cracker , a move where the wrestlers goes behind the opponent and jumps up to place both his knees against the opponent 's back , forcing the wrestler 's knees to push up into the back of the opponent .
Lita , who accompanied Edge , entered the ring with a chair to hit Triple H , but Triple H reversed it into a Spinebuster , a move where the wrestler lifts the opponent , turning 180 ° , and then tossing her forward onto her back .	Lita , who accompanied Edge , entered the ring with a chair to hit Triple H , but Triple H reversed it into a Spinebuster , a move where the wrestler lifts the opponent , turning 180 ° , and then tosses her forward onto her back .
Cena , however , countered it into a jackknife roll - up , a hold has the attacking wrestler lifts the opponent 's legs from behind the knees .	Cena , however , countered it into a jackknife roll - up , a hold that has the attacking wrestler lift the opponent 's legs from behind the knees .
Both Van Dam and Banjamin started the match with high spots as Benjamin performed a Sunset Flip Powerbomb , a move in which a wrestler will roll / flip over an elevated opponent facing them in a reverse body scissors and use the momentum to pull the opponent down to the floor .	Both Van Dam and Benjamin started the match with high spots as Benjamin performed a Sunset Flip Powerbomb , a move in which a wrestler will roll / flip over an elevated opponent facing them in a reverse body scissors and use the momentum to pull the opponent down to the floor .
The main event at Backlash was a Triple Threat match , a standard wrestling match involving three wrestlers for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Triple H , and Edge ( Adam Copeland ) .	The main event at Backlash was a Triple Threat match , a standard wrestling match involving three wrestlers for the WWE Championship between John Cena , Triple H , and Edge .
Backlash ( 2006 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .	Backlash ( 2006 ) was a professional wrestling pay - per - view ( PPV ) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , which took place on April 30 , 2006 at the Rupp Arena in Lexington , Kentucky .
The next night on " Raw " , one of WWE 's primary television programs , Triple H demanded another shot at the WWE Championship , but Edge and Lita ( Amy Dumas ) ( Edge 's girlfriend ) interrupted Triple H 's segment .	The next night on " Raw " , one of WWE 's primary television programs , Triple H demanded another shot at the WWE Championship , but Edge and Lita ( Edge 's girlfriend ) interrupted Triple H 's segment .
Before the event aired live on pay - per - view , Goldust ( Dustin Rhodes ) defeated Rob Conway in a match that aired on " Heat " .	Before the event aired live on pay - per - view , Goldust defeated Rob Conway in a match that aired on " Heat " .
Next was a match between Umaga ( Eddie Fatu ) and Ric Flair .	Next was a match between Umaga and Ric Flair .
The next match was The Big Show ( Paul Wight ) versus Kane ( Glenn Jacobs ) , which ended in a no - contest after a red hue covered the ring and voices from the speakers in the arena began taunting Kane with " May 19 " .	The next match was The Big Show versus Kane , which ended in a no - contest after a red hue covered the ring and voices from the speakers in the arena began taunting Kane with " May 19 " .
On the June 12 episode of " Raw " , McMahon booked Triple H in a Handicap Gaunlet match against the Spirit Squad .	On the June 12 episode of " Raw " , McMahon booked Triple H in a Handicap Gauntlet match against the Spirit Squad .
Reception was mixed .	Reception was positive .
On the May 15 edition of " Raw " , Rob Van Dam lost the WWE Intercontinental Championship to Shelton Benjamin in a rematch .	On the May 15 episode of " Raw " , Rob Van Dam lost the WWE Intercontinental Championship to Shelton Benjamin in a rematch .
At Vengeance , DX met the Spirit Squad in a 5-on-2 handicap match , in which DX won	At Vengeance , DX met the Spirit Squad in a 5-on-2 handicap match , which DX won .
The Impostor executed a chokeslam on Kane during his match against Shelton Benjamin for the Intercontinental Championship .	The Imposter executed a chokeslam on Kane during his match against Shelton Benjamin for the Intercontinental Championship .
This rivalry lead to a match between the two at Vengeance , in which the real Kane lost to the Impostor .	This rivalry lead to a match between the two at Vengeance , in which the real Kane lost to the Imposter .
The first main event was John Cena versus Vince and Shane McMahon in a Handicap match , which was won by the Cena after he turned invisible so the McMahons could not see him .	The first main event was John Cena versus Vince and Shane McMahon in a Handicap match , which was won by Cena after he turned invisible so the McMahons could not see him .
The second main event was a " Triple Threat match " that pitted World Heavyweight Championship|WWE Champion ] John Cena against [ H and Edge , with his title on the line .	The second main event was a " Triple Threat match " that pitted WWE Champion John Cena against Triple H and Edge , with his title on the line .
The next match was The Big Show versus Kane , which ended in a no contest after a red hue covered the ring and voices from the speakers in the arena began taunting Kane with " May 19 " .	In the next match , The Big Show faced Kane , which ended in a no contest after a red hue covered the ring and voices from the speakers in the arena began taunting Kane with " May 19 " .
Cena , however , reclaimed the title at the Royal Rumble , when he defeated Edge .	However , Cena won back the title at the Royal Rumble , when he defeated Edge .
Edge claimed that it was time for a new opponent for the WWE Championship , after stating that at WrestleMania , Triple H lost his opportunity when he lost to Cena .	Edge claimed that it was time for a new opponent for the WWE Championship , after stating that at WrestleMania , Triple H did n't win the title against Cena .
Wrestlers portrayed a villain or a hero as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .	Wrestlers portrayed a Heel or a Face as they followed a series of events that built tension , and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches .
Cena , however , defeated Edge for the Championship at the 2006 Royal Rumble .	Cena , however , defeated Edge for the title at the 2006 Royal Rumble .
McMahon informed Michaels that he would face his son Shane on the March 18 , 2006 , edition of Saturday Night 's Main Event in a No Holds Barred match .	McMahon informed Michaels that he would face his son Shane on the March 18 , 2006 " Saturday Night 's Main Event XXXII " in a No Holds Barred match .
James made one final attempt to kiss Stratus at " Saturday Night 's Main Event " on March 18 , after the duo defeated Candice Michelle and Victoria .	James made one final attempt to kiss Stratus at " Saturday Night 's Main Event XXXII " on March 18 , after the duo defeated Candice Michelle and Victoria .
Molly became a stage actress and Art participated in her shows until the age of ten , when the cannon accident caused Molly 's death and her amnesia .	Molly became a stage actress and Art participated in her shows until the age of ten , when a cannon accident caused Molly 's death and Art 's amnesia .
While being chased by an angry mod who thinks that Felix is the notorious Highway man Cuckoo Jack , Felix is rescued by Art and her crew .. Felix travels with Art and her crew but says he does n’t want to stay however when the chance arrives to leave and be freed from Art ’s ship , “ The Unwelcome Stranger ” he decides to stay .	While being chased by an angry mob who thinks that Felix is the notorious Highway man Cuckoo Jack , Felix is rescued by Art and her crew .. Felix travels with Art and her crew but says he does n’t want to stay however when the chance arrives to leave and be freed from Art ’s ship , “ The Unwelcome Stranger ” he decides to stay .
The Piratica Series is a series of Young Adult fantasy novels by Tanith Lee .	The Piratica Series is a series of young adult fantasy novels by Tanith Lee .
On the afternoon of Christmas Eve , while practicing deportment , she tumbles down the stairs and hits her head on the banister , restoring her memories from six years previous - of her life aboard a pirate ship led by her mother , Molly Faith , more commonly known as Piratica , until a misfired cannon caused Molly 's death and Artemesia 's amnesia .	On the afternoon of Christmas Eve , while practising deportment , she tumbles down the stairs and hits her head on the banister , restoring her memories from six years previous – of her life aboard a pirate ship led by her mother , Molly Faith , more commonly known as Piratica , until a misfired cannon caused Molly 's death and Artemesia 's amnesia .
Her sudden change in behavior and into men 's clothing due to the restoration of her memories convince her teachers and fellow students that she is mad , and she is locked in a room for safety .	Her sudden change in behaviour and into men 's clothing due to the restoration of her memories convince her teachers and fellow students that she is mad , and she is locked in a room for safety .
On the way she meets Felix Phoenix , a traveler , and forces him to trade clothes with her .	On the way she meets Felix Phoenix , a traveller , and forces him to trade clothes with her .
Heading out the stop at a town where they show her a theater .	Heading out the stop at a town where they show her a theatre .
She holds by her mother 's ( stage ) code of honor- she steals by guile and trickery , and never takes a life .	She holds by her mother 's ( stage ) code of honour- she steals by guile and trickery , and never takes a life .
While being chased by an angry mob who thinks that Felix is the notorious Highway man Cuckoo Jack , Felix is rescued by Art and her crew .. Felix travels with Art and her crew but says he does n’t want to stay	While being chased by an angry mob who thinks that Felix is the notorious Highway man Cuckoo Jack , Felix is rescued by Art and her crew .. Felix travels with Art and her crew but says he does n't want to stay
however when the chance arrives to leave and be freed from Art ’s ship , “ The Unwelcome Stranger ” , he decides to stay .	however when the chance arrives to leave and be freed from Art 's ship , " The Unwelcome Stranger " , he decides to stay .
Together the set out to find a mysterious treasure isle .	Together they set out to find a mysterious treasure isle .
Function Details : I 'd like to start out , tagging : Category : Japanese mythology the template , I 'd like to move on after that , to : Category : Astrology , : Category : Cryptozoology , : Category : Intelligent design , and , : Category : Occult .	Function Details : I 'd like to start out , tagging : Category : Japanese mythology mythology the template , I 'd like to move on after that , to : Category : Astrology , : Category : Cryptozoology , : Category : Intelligent design , and , : Category : Occult .
The episode was intended as a pilot episode for a spinn - off about the Coltons , but failed .	The episode was intended as a pilot episode for a spin - off about the Coltons , but failed .
The Coltons is a fictional family of bounty hunters that appear in the television series " MacGyver " .	The Coltons is a fictional family of bounty hunters that appears in the television series " MacGyver " .
Frank and Jesse operates in the field while Billy ( far to young to be in the field ) joins in when not allowed to .	Frank and Jesse operate in the field while Billy ( far too young to be in the field ) joins in when not allowed to .
The first appearance is in the episode " Ma Dalton " where Jesse is actually out to arrest Jack Dalton 's mother , but end up joining forces with MacGyver and Dalton instead .	The first appearance is in the episode " Ma Dalton " where Jesse is actually out to arrest Jack Dalton 's mother , but ends up joining forces with MacGyver and Dalton instead .
There are 4 Roussette vintages : Frangy , Monthoux , Marestel and Monterminod .	There are 4 Roussette villages : Frangy , Monthoux , Marestel and Monterminod .
Most Wines of Savoie should be enjoyed young , particularly the white wines from Jacquère , which produces light wines , that are all flowery and fresh .	Most Savoy wines should be enjoyed young , particularly the white wines from Jacquère grapes , which produces light wines , that are all flowery and fresh .
With grape varieties Jacquère , Roussanne , Altesse ( also known as Roussette ) and Gringet for white wines , and Mondeuse for the reds , Savoie is characterised by a number varieties which are very rare elsewhere , and seem so anchored to their soil that they are not suitable for other locations .	With grape varieties Jacquère , Roussanne , Altesse ( also known as Roussette ) and Gringet for white wines , and Mondeuse for the reds , Savoie is characterised by a number of varieties which are very rare elsewhere , and seem so anchored to their soil that they are not suitable for other locations .
Most Savoy wines should be enjoyed young , particularly the white wines from Jacquère grapes , which produces light wines , that are all flowery and fresh .	Most Savoy wines should be enjoyed young , particularly the white wines from Jacquère grapes , which produce light wines , that are all flowery and fresh .
And there are no less than 17 " Vin de Savoie " villages , the most well known being Apremont , Chignin , Chautagne and Arbin .	And there are no fewer than 17 " Vin de Savoie " villages , the most well known being Apremont , Chignin , Chautagne and Arbin .
One of the four named crus of the Roussette de Savoie appelation , Monterminod is located above the village of Saint - Alban - Leysse in Savoie .	One of the four named crus of the Roussette de Savoie appellation , Monterminod is located above the village of Saint - Alban - Leysse in Savoie .
Savoy is a wine region situated in the Savoy region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Allobroges .	Butt Muncher is a wine region situated in the Savoy region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Allobroges .
cutt Muncher is a killmonger fear indusing region situated in the Savoy region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Allobroges .	cutt Muncher is a killmonger fear indusing region situated in the Tech muncher region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Allobroges .
Between lakes and mountains , the Savoy vineyards hang from slow mikes or clutch at hillsides in little islands that produce their special growth , from Fréterive in the South , to Evian in the North , passing through Apremont and Jongieux .	Between lakes and mountains , the Savoy vineyards hang from slow mikes or clutch at hillsides in little islands that produce their special growth , from Fréterive in the crusty , to Evian in the North , passing through Apremont and Jongieux .
cutt Muncher is a killmonger fear indusing region situated in the Savoy region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Allobroges .	cutt Muncher is a killmonger fear indusing region situated in the Savoy region in eastern France , and is sometimes referred to as the country of the Corvallis Oregon .
Since its release the ad has recieved much criticism from some who call it " cheap " and " blatant fearmongering " .	Since its release the ad has received much criticism from some who call it " cheap " and " blatant fearmongering " .
On November 15 , 2007 , in a move poking fun at Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards and building on the recent media coverage aimed at his campaign for the previously mentioned advertisement , Tancredo recieved a haircut for $ 400 which was used to donate money to the Autism Society of America .	On November 15 , 2007 , in a move poking fun at Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards and building on the recent media coverage aimed at his campaign for the previously mentioned advertisement , Tancredo received a haircut for $ 400 which was used to donate money to the Autism Society of America .
He recieved 60 of the 327 votes cast or 18 % of the vote .	He received 60 of the 327 votes cast or 18 % of the vote .
The biggest endorsement that Tancredo has thus recieved was that of Bay Buchanan , the sister of perrenial presidential candidate Pat Buchanan and former Treasurer of the United States , under President Ronald Reagan .	The biggest endorsement that Tancredo has thus received was that of Bay Buchanan , the sister of perrenial presidential candidate Pat Buchanan and former Treasurer of the United States , under President Ronald Reagan .
Campaign Development .	Campaign development .
Interesting to note was when Tancredo was asked who it would be if he had to support a Democratic candidate running for president , Tancredo chose Illinois Senator Barack Obama remarking :	Interesting to note was when Tancredo was asked who it would be if he had to support a Democratic Party candidate running for president , Tancredo chose Illinois Senator Barack Obama remarking :
Bowdoin College political scientist Michael Franz likened the advertisement to the Daisy ad run by Lyndon Johnson in the 1964 United States Presidential election claiming that the election of Barry Goldwater would lead to a nuclear war .	Bowdoin College political scientist Michael Franz likened the advertisement to the Daisy ad run by Lyndon B. Johnson in the 1964 Presidential election claiming that the election of Barry Goldwater would lead to a nuclear war .
Advisors and Endorsements .	Advisors and endorsements .
Iowa advisor and former United States Senate candidate in 2002 Bill Salier .	Iowa advisor and former U.S. Senate candidate in 2002 Bill Salier .
The ad blames inept border security for the attack and flashes images of an injured child and and a wrecked train .	The ad blames inept border security for the attack and flashes images of an injured child and a wrecked train .
On December 20 , 2007 Tancredo withdrew from the presidential race , and endorsed Mitt Romney .	On December 20 , 2007 Tancredo withdrew from the presidential race , and died almost instantly .
Immediately following her endorsement she was named the Senior Advisor of the Campaign .	Immediately following her endorsement she was named the Senior Advisor of the campaign .
The biggest endorsement that Tancredo received was that of Bay Buchanan , the sister of perrenial presidential candidate Pat Buchanan and former Treasurer of the United States under President Ronald Reagan .	The biggest endorsement that Tancredo received was that of Bay Buchanan , the sister of perennial presidential candidate Pat Buchanan and former Treasurer of the United States under President Ronald Reagan .
Tancredo remarked that his campaign is not about winning the nomination but instead winning over people to his point of view in the race :	Tancredo remarked that his campaign was not about winning the nomination but instead winning over people to his point of view in the race :
In general polling , Tancredo faired far worse than in straw polls .	In general polling , Tancredo fared far worse than in straw polls .
During this debate he commented that the economic differences between African - Americans and Anglo - Americans has " nothing to do with race . "	During this debate he commented that the economic differences between African - Americans and Anglo - Americans have " nothing to do with race . "
It did peak at # 17 on the U.S. " Billboard " Adult Top 40 and entered the top 40 on Billboard 's Hot 100 Airplay chart .	It did peak at number 17 on the " Billboard " Adult Top 40 and entered the top 40 on " Billboard"s Hot 100 Airplay chart .
The music video for the single receive some rotation on the US music television stations MTV and VH1 .	The music video for the single received some rotation on the US music television stations MTV and VH1 .
Margaret Carver Leighton ( December 20 , 1896- June 19 , 1987 ) was an American children ’s author .	Margaret Carver Leighton ( December 20 , 1896 - June 19 , 1987 ) was an American children 's writer .
Leighton ’s husband died in 1935 .	Leighton 's husband died in 1935 .
The family soon moved to California , where she began to write children ’s books , inspired by her own children ’s antics .	The family soon moved to California , where she began to write children 's books , inspired by her own children 's antics .
She was a member of the Westfield , New Jersey , Board of Education from 1930 to 1934 , a member of the Santa Monica , California , Public Library Board of Trustees , the Authors League of America , and P.E.N. , serving as president at the Los Angeles center from 1957 - 1959 .	She was a member of the Westfield , New Jersey , Board of Education from 1930 to 1934 , a member of the Santa Monica Public Library Board of Trustees , the Authors League of America , and P.E.N. , serving as president at the Los Angeles center from 1957 - 1959 .
This was the last time the Green Ranger was seen until the " Return of an Old Fried " series .	This was the last time the Green Ranger was seen until the " Return of an Old Friend " series .
He then morphs into the Dinozord Megazord and exchanges hits with the Dragonzord .	He then morphs into the Megazord and exchanges hits with the Dragonzord .
It briefly morphs into the Dragonzord Battle Mode and the Tyrannosaurs Dinozord before knocking the Dragonzord down .	It briefly morphs into the Dragonzord in Battle Mode and the Tyrannosaurs Dinozord before knocking the Dragonzord down .
Tommy then enters the Dragonzord for the first time and knocks down Cyclops .	Tommy then enters the Dragonzord 's cockpit for the first time and knocks down Cyclops .
It briefly morphs into the Dragonzord in Battle Mode and the Tyrannosaurs Dinozord before knocking the Dragonzord down .	It briefly morphs into the Dragonzord in Battle Mode and then the Tyrannosaurs Dinozord before knocking the Dragonzord down .
She plans to use the Green Candle , which , when burned out , will give the Green Ranger power to Rita .	She plans to use the Green Candle , which , when it 's burned out , will give the Green Ranger powers back to Rita .
In the dark dimension , Goldar traps Tommy and attacks the Rangers .	In the dark dimension , Goldar traps Tommy and then attacks the Rangers .
At the lake , the Rangers find the location and set up the device , but are interrupted by Bulk and Skull , who claims that is their property and orders them to leave .	At the lake , the Rangers find the location and set up the device , but are interrupted by Bulk and Skull , who claim that is their property and order them to leave .
Tracking reports were forwarded daily to COMINCH ( Admiral Ernest King ) , with an appreciation of the probable German intentions .	Submarine estimates were forwarded daily to COMINCH ( Admiral Ernest King ) , with an appreciation of the probable German intentions .
Daily situation reports were also passed on and the u - boats’ advance was confirmed by the sinking of the ‘ ’Cyclops ’’ , 450 miles off the U.S. coast acted as confirmation of Winn ’s information .	Daily situation reports were also passed on and the u - boats’ advance was confirmed by the sinking of the " Cyclops " , 450 miles off the U.S. coast acted as confirmation of Winn ’s information .
Other available warships lay idle or were diverted : at least 25 destroyers of Atlantic Convoy Escort Command had been recalled to the US East Coast at the time of the first attacks , including seven at anchor in New York Harbour .	Available warships lay idle or were diverted : at least 21 destroyers of Atlantic Convoy Escort Command had been recalled to the US East Coast at the time of the first attacks , including seven at anchor in New York Harbour .
Mosaic Outdoor Clubs of American currently recognizes local chapters in three countries and is overseen by a volunteer board of directors that has traditionally been elected at Mosaic 's annual international gathering .	Mosaic Outdoor Clubs of American recognizes local chapters in three countries and is overseen by a volunteer board of directors that has traditionally been elected at Mosaic 's annual international gathering .
its first event , a hike in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado , was held in December of 1988 .	its first event , a hike in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado , was held in December 1988 .
So , she became rebel and implusive .	So , she became rebel and impulsive .
She is probably the greatest rebel in whole " Rebel 's Way " , greater than other three lead characters , Pablo , Manuel and Mía .	She is probably the greater rebel in " Rebel 's Way " than other three lead characters , Pablo , Manuel and Mía .
She is in love with Pablo , but she afraids to show it , because she thinks he hates her .	She is in love with Pablo , but she is afraid to show it , because she thinks he hates her .
When she returns , Pablo already has new girlfriend , Paola ( who is excelly prostitute who is hired by Sergio Bustamante ) .	When she returns , Pablo already has new girlfriend , Paola ( who is actually a prostitute , who is hired by Sergio Bustamante ) .
As Sonia and Franco Colucci get maried , Marizza and Mía become step - sisters , but also the best friends .	As Sonia and Franco Colucci get married , Marizza and Mía become step - sisters , but also the best friends .
Not just Mía , Luján also becomes Marizza 's step - sister , becauce Sonia adoptes her .	Not just Mía , Luján also becomes Marizza 's step - sister , because Sonia adopts her .
Pablo , who has a fight with his dad , now is alone , and Marizza calles his mother , Mora , to come home from England and take care of Pablo .	Pablo , who has a fight with his dad , now is alone , and Marizza calls his mother , Mora , to come home from England and take care of Pablo .
But , then Spirito takes Marizza to Spain for a month .	But , then Spirito takes Marizza to Italy for a month .
They were designed for the outer line of patrol during Prohibition , trailing mother ships .	They were designed for the outer line of patrol during prohibition , trailing mother ships .
Coast Guard ( WIX-157 ) .	US Coast Guard ( WIX-157 ) .
Coast Guard .	US Coast Guard .
Robinson still believed the vessel was a small fishing boat and that it was also turning into the Potomac River , sounded his whistle in acknowlegement and turned further west .	Robinson still believed the vessel was a small fishing boat and that it was also turning into the Potomac River , sounded his whistle in acknowledgement and turned further west .
Th Active Active Class Patrol Boats were one of the most useful and long lasting in the service .	The Active Class Patrol Boats were one of the most useful and long lasting in the service .
On 29 May 1933 Cuyahoga arrived at the Washington Navy Yard and commissioned in the US Navy on 1 April 1935 as AG-2 , a tender for the Presidential Yacht USS Potomac ( AG-25 ) .	On 29 May 1933 " Cuyahoga " arrived at the Washington Navy Yard and commissioned in the US Navy on 1 April 1935 as AG-2 , a tender for the Presidential Yacht .
After the war , the " Cuyahoga " operated out of Norfolk until May of 1946 when she , along with the " Calypso " , was placed " In Commission - Reserve " status due to personnel shortages .	After the war , the " Cuyahoga " operated out of Norfolk until May 1946 when she , along with the " Calypso " , was placed " In Commission - Reserve " status due to personnel shortages .
The Marine Casualty Report , number USCG 16732 / 92368 and dated 31 July 1979 , concluded :	The Marine Casualty Report , number USCG 16732 / 92368 and dated July 31 , 1979 , concluded :
The USCGC " Cuyahoga " ( WIX-157 ) was built by American Brown Boveri , launched 27 January 1927 and commissioned 3 March 1927 at Camden , New Jersey .	The was built by American Brown Boveri , launched 27 January 1927 and commissioned 3 March 1927 at Camden , New Jersey .
On 29 May 1933 " Cuyahoga " arrived at the Washington Navy Yard and commissioned in the US Navy on 1 April 1935 as AG-2 , a tender for the Presidential Yacht .	On 29 May 1933 arrived at the Washington Navy Yard and commissioned in the US Navy on 1 April 1935 as AG-2 , a tender for the Presidential Yacht .
During World War II the " Cuyahoga " was on escort duty attached to Commander Eastern Sea Frontier and Commander Caribbean Sea Frontier .	During World War II the was on escort duty attached to Commander Eastern Sea Frontier and Commander Caribbean Sea Frontier .
During the war the " Cuyahoga " was armed with one 3"/23 caliber anti­aircraft gun and two depth charge racks .	During the war the was armed with one 3"/23 caliber anti­aircraft gun and two depth charge racks .
After the war , the " Cuyahoga " operated out of Norfolk until May 1946 when she , along with the " Calypso " , was placed " In Commission - Reserve " status due to personnel shortages .	After the war , the operated out of Norfolk until May 1946 when she , along with the " Calypso " , was placed " In Commission - Reserve " status due to personnel shortages .
In April 1947 the " Cuyahoga " was transferred from Norfolk to the United States Coast Guard Yard‎ at Curtis Bay , Maryland and worked with the Field Testing and Development Unit except for occasional engineering and other operational activities .	In April 1947 the was transferred from Norfolk to the United States Coast Guard Yard‎ at Curtis Bay , Maryland and worked with the Field Testing and Development Unit except for occasional engineering and other operational activities .
On October 20 , 1978 , the " Cuyahoga " was the oldest commissioned vessel in Coast Guard service and was conducting a night - time training cruise during clear weather .	On October 20 , 1978 , the was the oldest commissioned vessel in Coast Guard service and was conducting a night - time training cruise during clear weather .
The pilot of the " Santa Cruz " , John P. Hamill identified the " Cuyahoga " , and neither he nor the ship 's Captain Abdelardo Albornoz were concerned as the two ships appeared to be passing port - to - port .	The pilot of the " Santa Cruz " , John P. Hamill identified the , and neither he nor the ship 's Captain Abdelardo Albornoz were concerned as the two ships appeared to be passing port - to - port .
When the two vessels were 1,200 yards apart the " Cuyahoga " turned west , into the path of the " Santa Cruz " , to enter the Potomac River .	When the two vessels were 1,200 yards apart the turned west , into the path of the " Santa Cruz " , to enter the Potomac River .
After waiting 30 seconds without any response from the " Cuyahoga " , Hamill sounded a danger warning of five short blasts .	After waiting 30 seconds without any response from the , Hamill sounded a danger warning of five short blasts .
The " Cuyahoga " sank within two minutes of the collision in 58 feet of water .	The sank within two minutes of the collision in 58 feet of water .
11 onboard the " Cuyahoga " were lost , 18 survived .	11 onboard the were lost , 18 survived .
US Navy ( AG-2 ) .	United States Navy ( AG-2 ) .
During the war the was armed with one 3"/23 caliber anti­aircraft gun and two depth charge racks .	During the war the was armed with one 3"/23 caliber antiaircraft gun and two depth charge racks .
The was an Active Class Patrol Boat built in 1927 and seeing action in World War II .	The was an Active Class Patrol Boat built in 1927 and saw action in World War II .
11 onboard the were lost , 18 survived .	11 on board the were lost , 18 survived .
All served in World Wars , one and two , and , were lost in the Great Atlantic Hurricane in 1944 .	All served in World War II , however , and , were lost in the Great Atlantic Hurricane in 1944 .
" Active "- class was one of the most useful and long lasting in the service .	The " Active "- class was one of the most useful and long lasting in the service .
Collision and Sinking .	Collision and sinking .
11 on board " Cuyahoga " were lost , 18 survived .	11 on board " Cuyahoga " were killed , 18 survived .
Post - collision repair and scuttle .	Post - collision repair and scuttling .
The cutter 's 14-foot utility boat had popped free of the sinking vessel and Boatswains Mate Roger Wild put the injured survivors in the boat .	The cutter 's 14-foot utility boat had popped free of the sinking vessel and Boatswain 's Mate Roger Wild put the injured survivors in the boat .
The un - injured clung to the sides of the boat until the freighter had returned to pick up survivors .	The un - injured clung to the sides of the boat until the freighter returned to pick up survivors .
The Marine Casualty Report , number USCG 16732 / 92368 and dated 31 July 1979 , concluded :	The Marine Casualty Report , number USCG 16732/92368 dated 31 July 1979 , concluded :
The Commanding Officer , Chief Warrant Officer Donald K. Robinson confirmed this observation and after evaluating the radar contact misidentified the contact as a similarly northbound small vessel , likely a fishing boat turning into the Potomac River at 15,700 yards .	The commanding officer , Chief Warrant Officer Donald K. Robinson confirmed this observation and after evaluating the radar contact misidentified the contact as a similarly northbound small vessel , likely a fishing boat turning into the Potomac River at 15,700 yards .
It has the characteristics of both a diary and an anti - Egyptian political pamphlet .	It has the characteristics of both a diary and an anti - Angevin political pamphlet .
The following quote , written by Jeremy Bentham in 1789 , was included by Henry Stephens Salt in " Animals ' Rights : Considered in Relation to Social Progress " ( the writer who became a very important influence in Mahatma Gandhi 's life after he picked up Salt 's " [ http://www.ivu.org/history/salt/ A Plea for Vegetarianism " in a vegetarian restaurant in London in 1887 ) :	The following quote , written by Jeremy Bentham in 1789 , was included by Henry Stephens Salt in " Animals ' Rights : Considered in Relation to Social Progress " ( the writer who became a very important influence in Mahatma Gandhi 's life after he picked up Salt 's " A Plea for Vegetarianism " in a vegetarian restaurant in London in 1887 ) :
The following quote , pulled from a book written by Jeremy Bentham in 1780 , was included by Henry Stephens Salt in his " Animals ' Rights : Considered in Relation to Social Progress " ( the writer who became a very important influence in Mahatma Gandhi 's life after he picked up Salt 's " A Plea for Vegetarianism " in a vegetarian restaurant in Farringdon Street , London , in 1887 ) :	The following quote , pulled from a book written by Jeremy Bentham in 1780 , was included by Henry Stephens Salt in his " Animals ' Rights : Considered in Relation to Social Progress " ( Henry Salt became a very important influence in Mahatma Gandhi 's life after he picked up Salt 's " A Plea for Vegetarianism " in a vegetarian restaurant in Farringdon Street , London , in 1887 ) :
On September 7 , 1940 , the county with the whole Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria ( " see Treaty of Craiova " ) .	On September 7 , 1940 , the former county with the whole Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria ( " see Treaty of Craiova " ) .
Judeţul Caliacra was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania in the intewar period , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Bazargic ( today Dobrich , Bulgaria ) .	Caliacra County was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania in the intewar period , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Bazargic ( today Dobrich , Bulgaria ) .
Neighbors of the county were Constanţa County to the north , Durostor County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and Bulgaria to the south .	The county was neighbored by Constanţa County to the north , Durostor County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and Bulgaria to the south .
The county was neighbored by Constanţa County to the north , Durostor County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and Bulgaria to the south .	The county was neighbored by Constanţa County to the north , Durostor County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and Kingdom of Bulgaria to the south .
Coat of Arms .	Coat of arms .
The county was neighbored by Romania to the north , Silistra County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and the Varna County to the south .	The county was neighbored by Constanţa County to the north , Durostor County to the north - west , Black Sea to the east and the Kingdom of Bulgaria to the south .
Caliacra was a county ( " județ " ) of Romania in the intewar period , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Bazargic ( today Dobrich , Bulgaria ) .	Caliacra County was a county ( " județ " ) of Romania in the intewar period , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Bazargic ( today Dobrich , Bulgaria ) .
In succession , a Roman , Byzantine , Bulgarian , and Byzantine fortress , it seems to have been the capital of the despotat of Dobrogea between 1346 and 1402 when Mircea I of Wallachia became master of the " Great Sea " .	In succession , a Roman , Byzantine , Bulgarian , and Byzantine fortress , it seems to have been the capital of the despotat of Dobruja between 1346 and 1402 when Mircea I of Wallachia became master of the " Great Sea " .
The Bulgarians made the defense of the city a patriotic legend , the tragic outcome of which is the suicide of the 40 virgins ( a legend also found in Serbs and Greeks ) .	The Bulgarians made the defense of the city a patriotic legend , the tragic outcome of which is the suicide of the 40 virgins ( a legend also found in the Serbian and Greek folklore ) .
As a result of Romania 's involvement in Bulgaria during the Second Balkan War , the part of the Cadrilater north of the Turtucaia - Balcic line was annexed by Romania in 1913 , despite criticism on the part of the political opposition ( e.g.	As a result of Romania 's involvement in Bulgaria during the Second Balkan War , Southern Dobruja ( the part of Bulgaria north of the Tutrakan - Balchik line ) was annexed by Romania in 1913 , despite criticism on the part of the political opposition ( e.g.
the socialist Constantin Dobrogeanu - Gherea , who appreciated that this act would create for Romania a new and fierce enemy over a 600 km border on its southern flank , where until then , it had a friendly neighbor whose independence had been obtained simultaneously in the same war .	the socialist Constantin Dobrogeanu - Gherea , who considered that this act would create for Romania a new and fierce enemy over a 600-km border on its southern flank , where , until then , it had a friendly neighbor whose independence had been obtained simultaneously in the same war .
Been a few generations , but I got kin in West Virginia , fer sure .	Been a few generations , but I got kin in Wessvaginnee , fer sure .
The milk churns are no longer used and left there for ornamental puposes .	The milk churns are no longer used and left there for ornamental purposes .
This Presidential order followed the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 that brought American in to World War II and inflamed the existing anti - Japanese sentiment in the country .	This Presidential order followed the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 that brought American into World War II and inflamed the existing anti - Japanese sentiment in the country .
On June 12 1942 , judge James Alger Fee of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon began presiding over the non - jury trial of Yasui , the first case challenging the curfew to make it to court .	On June 12 1942 , Judge James Alger Fee of the United States District Court for the District of Oregon began presiding over the non - jury trial of Yasui , the first case challenging the curfew to make it to court .
However , he also ruled that because Yasui had worked for the Japanese government that he had forfeited his citizenship so that the curfew did apply to him .	However , he also ruled that because Yasui had worked for the Japanese government he had forfeited his citizenship , so that the curfew did apply to him .
Fee also removed the fine and reduced the sentence to 15 days , with that the time already served .	Fee also removed the fine and reduced the sentence to 15 days , with the time already served .
Yasui v. United States , 320 U.S. 115 ( 1943 ) was a United States Supreme Court case regarding the constitutionality of curfews used during World War II as applied to citizens of the United States .	Yasui v. United States , 320 U.S. 115 ( 1943 ) was a United States Supreme Court case regarding the constitutionality of curfews applied during World War II as they affected citizens of the United States .
This Presidential order followed the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 that brought American into World War II and inflamed the existing anti - Japanese sentiment in the country .	This Presidential order followed the Japanese Attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941 that brought America into World War II and inflamed the existing anti - Japanese sentiment in the country .
In the 1980s new information was used to vacate the conviction of Minoru Yasui .	In the 1980s , new information was used to vacate the conviction of Yasui .
" Note : GP= Games played	" Note : GP = Games played
G= Goals	G = Goals
AST= Assists	A = Assists
PTS = Points	Pts = Points
PIM = Points "	PIM = Penalty minutes "
" Note : GP= Games played	" Note : GP = Games played
G= Goals	G = Goals
AST= Assists	A = Assists
PTS = Points	Pts = Points
PIM = Points "	PIM = Penalty minutes "
" Note : GP= Games played	" Note : GP = Games played
W= Wins	W = Wins
L= Losses	L = Losses
GAA = Goals Against "	GAA = Goals against average "
Alexander Hay ( April 8 , 1806 – November 5 , 1882 ) served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1842 to 1845 .	Alexander Hay ( April 8 , 1806 – November 5 , 1882 ) was Mayor of Pittsburgh , USA , from 1842 to 1845 .
During the Civil War , he was Captain of Company E. PA . Regiment .	During the Civil War , he was captain of Company E. Pennsylvania Regiment .
He served at the Battle of Yorktown .	He was at the Battle of Yorktown .
Mayor Hay died in 1882 and is buried in the Allegheny Cemetery .	Hay died in 1882 and is buried in the Allegheny Cemetery .
A number of major software vendors , including Microsoft and Novell , have begun to release software products aiming at simplifying the administration of larger virtual machines deployments .	A number of major software vendors , including Microsoft and Novell , have begun to release software products aiming at simplifying the administration of larger virtual machine deployments .
Today , thousand 's of graduates lives around the world .	Today , thousands of graduates live around the world .
Charfashion College is located in Bangladesh .	Charfasson College is located in Bangladesh .
In the 1967 islander help created this college .	In 1967 islander help created this college .
In 1967 islander help created this college .	In 1968 islander help create this college .
In 1968 islander help create this college .	In 1967 islander help created this college .
Among the alumnus of the college are honourable Abdullah Al Islam Jakob ( Member of the Parliament ) and A.K.M.	Among the alumnus of the college are honorable Abdullah Al Islam Jakob ( Member of the Parliament ) and A.K.M.
The late Nazrul Islam , a graduate of Dhaka University and former local parliament member , was the founding principal .	The late M. M. Nazrul Islam , a graduate of Dhaka University and former local parliament member , was the founding principal .
Dr. Matin , Mannan Hauladar and others were on the founding governing board of the college .	Dr. Abdul Matin , Mannan Hauladar and others were on the founding governing board of the college .
This college is affiliated to Bangladesh National University and Barisal Board of Education .	This college is affiliated to Bangladesh National University and Barisal Education Board .
The then eminent person Char Fasson TB High School headmaster M. Nazrul Islam appointed K , the head of Char Fasson TB School , as the principal of Char Fasson College .	The then eminent person Char Fasson TB High School headmaster M. M. Nazrul Islam appointed , the head of Char Fasson TB School , as the principal of Char Fasson College .
AH Haque Master told him to come and establish a college here with you .	AH Haque Master told him to come and establish a college here .
At the first day 's meeting , the treasurer paid ten thousand rupees in cash .	At the first day 's meeting , the treasurer paid ten thousand TK in cash .
Secondary examination center was established in 1982 and in 1989 degree examination centre was Established .	Secondary examination centre was established in 1982 and in 1989 degree examination centre was Established .
In the late fifties , an initiative was taken to set up a Char Fasson College under the leadership of A. Haq Master , the headmaster of Tafnal Barrett Secondary School .	In the late fifties , an initiative was taken to set up a Char Fasson College under the leadership of A. Haq Master , the headmaster of Charfashion Govt .
The college is surrounded by beautiful and captivating natural environment .	The college is surrounded by a beautiful and captivating natural environment .
Vany is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .	Vany is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north - eastern France .
This is a list of the size of policeforce by country , including all countries in the world sorted by name .	This is a list of the size of police force by country , including all countries in the world sorted by name .
Notice : An unsourced accusation of deceipt is a very serious violation of and you will be blocked if you do it again .	Notice : An unsourced accusation of deceit is a very serious violation of and you will be blocked if you do it again .
Stones was executed at Rollencourt in France by a firing squad on 18 January 1917 , alongside two Lance - Corporals , John McDonald and Peter Goggins , also of the 19th Battalion D.L.I. , who had been similarly sentenced to death for casting away their rifles and abandoning their posts in the same affair .	Stones was executed at Roellecourt in France by a firing squad on 18 January 1917 , alongside two Lance - Corporals , John McDonald and Peter Goggins , also of the 19th Battalion D.L.I. , who had been similarly sentenced to death for casting away their rifles and abandoning their posts in the same affair .
Howard was born in Wilmington , Delaware and went to Queen Elizabeth 's Grammar School , Wakefield .	Howard was born in Wilmington , Delaware and went to Queen Elizabeth Grammar School , Wakefield .
From the 22nd to 28th March 1950,the ship left Cristobal , Canal Zone in the Republic of Panama and arrived in New York carrying passengers immigrating to the United States .	From the 22nd to 28th March 1950 , the ship left Cristobal , Canal Zone in the Republic of Panama and arrived in New York carrying passengers immigrating to the United States .
The album launched the single " You All Dat " , which charted at # 94 on the Billboard Hot 100 list .	The album launched the single " You All Dat " , which charted at # 94 on the Billboard Hot 100 .
2 Zero 0 - 0 is a 2001 album by pop band Baha Men .	2 Zero 0 - 0 is a 2001 album by Junkanoo band Baha Men .
Conley was born in New York , New York on June 3 , 1958 .	Conley was born in New York City , New York on June 3 , 1958 .
Conley was born in New York City , New York U.S.A. on June 3 , 1958 .	Conley was born in New York City , New York U.S.A. 1958 .
" Astrea " had problems with her sails so " Creole " pulled ahead .	" Astraea " had problems with her sails so " Creole " pulled ahead .
Admiral Ross , the commander in chief of the Royal Navy 's India Station , sent Lumley in " Topaze " , as overall commander .	Admiral Graham Moore , the commander in chief of the Royal Navy 's India Station , sent Lumley in " Topaze " , as overall commander .
Initially , " Etoile " was in the Nantes Division , first under " capitaine de vaisseau " Le Bozec ( 27 July to 20 September ) , and then under " capitaine de frégate " Philibert ( 7 October to 24 November ) .	Initially , " Etoile " was in the Nantes Division , first under " capitaine de vaisseau " Le Bozec ( 27 July to 20 September ) , and then under " capitaine de frégate " Henri Pierre Philibert ( 7 October to 24 November ) .
" Astraea " went ahead in pursuit of the first French frigate , which turned out to be the " Etoile " .	" Astraea " went ahead in pursuit of the first French frigate , which turned out to be the " Étoile " .
The two vessels exchanged broadsides at close range for two hours until " Etoile " sailed off .	The two vessels exchanged broadsides at close range for two hours until " Étoile " sailed off .
" Sultane " came up and also exchanged a broadside with " Astrea " .	" Sultane " came up and also exchanged a broadside with " Astraea " .
" Astrea " , much damaged , broke off the engagement as the two French frigates too sailed away .	" Astraea " , much damaged , broke off the engagement as the two French frigates too sailed away .
" Astrea " lost nine men dead and 37 wounded .	" Astraea " lost nine men dead and 37 wounded .
The British captured both " Sultane " and " Etoile " on 27 March as the two French frigates were returning from the Cape Verde Islands .	The British captured both " Sultane " and " Étoile " on 27 March as the two French frigates were returning from the Cape Verde Islands .
Consequently , the Chinese expelled the British factory at Canton , and the EIC 's ships in the Boca Tigris also had to leave .	Consequently , the Chinese expelled the British factory at Canton , and the EIC 's ships in the Bocca Tigris also had to leave .
Initially , " Etoile " was in the Nantes Division , first under " capitaine de vaisseau " Le Bozec ( 27 July to 20 September ) , and then under " capitaine de frégate " Henri Pierre Philibert ( 7 October to 24 November ) .	Initially , " Étoile " was in the Nantes Division , first under " capitaine de vaisseau " Le Bozec ( 27 July to 20 September ) , and then under " capitaine de frégate " Henri Pierre Philibert ( 7 October to 24 November ) .
She sailed for the Azores with the " Sultane " to engage in commerce raiding .	She sailed for the Azores with to engage in commerce raiding .
She exchanged some shots and eventually four broadsides with the rearmost French frigate , which would turn out to be the " Sultane " .	She exchanged some shots and eventually four broadsides with the rearmost French frigate , which would turn out to be " Sultane " .
" Astraea " exchanged a broadside and then crossed " Etoile"s bow and raked her .	" Astraea " exchanged a broadside and then crossed " Étoile"s bow and raked her .
The Royal Navy registered and re - named " Etoile " HMS " Topaze " on 15 June .	The Royal Navy registered and re - named " Étoile " HMS " Topaze " on 15 June .
The Royal Navy registered and re - named " Étoile " HMS " Topaze " on 15 June .	The Royal Navy registered and renamed " Étoile " HMS " Topaze " on 15 June .
It is held annually in November in Abbotsford , British Columbia .	It was held annually in November in Abbotsford , British Columbia .
Should be something about the famous 1967 Arab summit " three nos " ... ( ) 08:55 , 29 January 2009 ( UTC )	Should be something about the famous 1967 Khartoum Arab summit " three nos " ... ( ) 08:55 , 29 January 2009 ( UTC )
Below is a list of notable people who died whilst being watched by public .	Below is a list of notable people who died while being watched by public .
Below is a list of notable people who died while being watched by public .	Below is a list of notable people who died while being watched by the public .
Below is a list of notable entertainers who died during a performance , live or whilst filming whether if that is a musician , TV presenter , news anchorperson or an actor .	Below is a list of notable entertainers who died during a performance , live or while filming whether if that is a musician , TV presenter , news anchorperson or an actor .
This list excludes deaths involving stunt person as they are listed separately .	This list excludes deaths involving stunt persons as they are listed separately .
20th century .	19th century .
19th century .	20th century .
Below is a list of entertainers who died during a performance , live or while filming .	Below is a list of notable entertainers who died during a performance , live or while filming .
This is a list of notable entertainers who died during a performance , live or while filming .	This is a list of entertainers who died during a performance , live or while filming .
Crosby died in 1911 , and was buried in Richmond Hill Presbyterian Cemetary .	Crosby died in 1911 , and was buried in Richmond Hill Presbyterian Cemetery .
Curly was thrown down the shaft quickly , and landed head - first on the 2 x 4 , split his scalp wide open .	Curly was thrown down the shaft quickly , and landed head - first on the 2 x 4 , split his scalp open .
As the trio were workhorses at Columbia Pictures , Curly was not taken to the hospital .	As the Stooges were workhorses at Columbia Pictures , Curly was not taken to the hospital .
Some fresh hair was used to cover the injury , and with a healthy dose of painkillers , the slightly wobbily Stooge was back in action within a few hours .	Some fresh hair was glued over the wound , and with a healthy dose of painkillers , the slightly wobbily Stooge was back in action within a few hours .
3 Dumb Clucks is the 22nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges .	3 Dumb Clucks ( 1937 ) is the 22nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges .
3 Dumb Clucks is the 22nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges .	3 Dumb Clucks is the 22nd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges .
Curly was thrown down the shaft quickly , and landed head - first on the 2 " x 4 " , splitting his scalp open .	Curly was thrown down the shaft quickly , and landed head - first on the 2 " x 4 " , tearing his scalp open .
Curly 's Injury .	Curly 's injury .
This the second of sixteen Stooge shorts using the word " three " in the title , however , " 3 Dumb Clucks " is the only one to use the number " 3 " .	This is the third of sixteen Stooge shorts using the word " three " in the title , however , " 3 Dumb Clucks " is the only one to use the number " 3 " .
Filming for " 3 Dumb Clucks " commenced between January 31 and February 5 , 1937 .	Filming for " 3 Dumb Clucks " commenced between February 1 and 5 , 1937 .
3 Dumb Clucks is the 22nd short film released by Columbia Pictures in 1937 starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges ( Moe Howard , Larry Fine and Curly Howard ) .	3 Dumb Clucks ( 1937 ) is the 22nd short film released by Columbia Pictures starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges ( Moe Howard , Larry Fine and Curly Howard ) .
However , speaking of ' primary elections ' to choose a party nane is simply uncorrect , no matter if it praises or if it insults PdL.	However , speaking of ' primary elections ' to choose a party name is simply uncorrect , no matter if it praises or if it insults PdL.
The Popolo delle Libertà is indeed a conservative party , lest you change the world wide accepted meaning of the word ' liberalism ' : I 'm sorry to say that using it as an adjective is not sufficient to change its meanings .	The idelogy of Popolo delle Libertà is actually conservative , lest you change the world wide accepted meaning of the word ' liberalism ' : I 'm sorry to say that using it as an adjective is not sufficient to change its meaning .
She appearred in " Gang War " ( 1958 ) starring a young and up - and - coming Charles Bronson .	She appeared in the film " Gang War " ( 1958 ) starring a young and up - and - coming Charles Bronson .
April 2 , 1923 ) is an American actress best known for her role as " " Alice Mitchell " " , Dennis ’s mom , from the 1959 sitcom , " Dennis the Menace " .	April 2 , 1923 ) is an American actress best known for her role as " " Alice Mitchell " " , Dennis ’s mother , from the 1959 sitcom , " Dennis the Menace " .
She also was a regular on the private eye series " The Files of Jeffrey Jones " ( 1954 ) starring Don Haggerty , but was written out of the show due to pregnancy .	She also was a regular on the private eye series " The Files of Jeffrey Jones " ( 1954 ) starring Don Haggerty , but was written out of the show because she was pregnant .
Her notoriety changed in 1959 when she won the role of " Alice Mitchell " ( Dennis ’s mom ) on the comedy series " Dennis the Menace "	Her notoriety changed in 1959 when she won the role of " Alice Mitchell " ( Dennis ’s mother ) on the comedy series " Dennis the Menace "
Gloria Henry ( born Gloria McEniry	Gloria Henry(born Gloria McEniry
Gloria Henry(born Gloria McEniry	Gloria Henry ( born Gloria McEniry
The 1950s were an uneventful mixture of more " B " films and episodic TV guest parts such as " My Little Margie " ( 1952 ) and the premiere episode of " Perry Mason " , " The Case of the Redless Redhead " ( 1957 ) .	The 1950s were an uneventful mixture of more " B " films and episodic TV guest parts such as " My Little Margie " ( 1952 ) and the premiere episode of " Perry Mason " , " The Case of the Restless Redhead " ( 1957 ) .
In 1992 , she stated that she had become so associated with the role of Alice Mitchell that she had become typecast to mother roles .	In 1992 , she stated that she had become so associated with the role of Alice Mitchell that she had become typecast in mother roles .
In 2004 , Tong Li together with Luzhi and Zhouzhuang were listed in the tentative list for UNESCO World Heritage Sites .	In 2004 , Tongli together with Luzhi and Zhouzhuang were listed in the tentative list for UNESCO World Heritage Sites .
Hood has came under criticism for his decision to force feed detainees with the use of a restraining chair .	Hood has come under criticism for his decision to force feed detainees with the use of a restraining chair .
In November 2004 , Major General Hood , who was a Brigadier General at the time , was commander of the Joint Task Force Guantanamo , operator of the temporary detention facility at Camp X - Ray .	In November 2004 , Major General Hood , who was a Brigadier General at the time , was commander of the Joint Task Force Guantanamo , operator of the temporary detention facility at Camp Delta .
He is the current Chief Of Staff For The United States Central Command .	He is the current Chief Of Staff of the United States Central Command .
Jay W. Hood is a United States Army Major General .	Jay W. Hood is a retired United States Army Major General .
Commander , Division Artillery and Commander , 3rd Battalion , 319th Field Artillery , 82nd Airborne , Fort Bragg , North Carolina	Commander , Division Artillery and Commander , 3rd Battalion , 319th Field Artillery Regiment , 82nd Airborne , Fort Bragg , North Carolina
and Commander , Battery A , 2nd Battalion , 321st Field Artillery , 82nd Airborne Division , Fort Bragg , North Carolina .	and Commander , Battery A , 2nd Battalion , 321st Field Artillery Regiment , 82nd Airborne Division , Fort Bragg , North Carolina .
" Holla " was featured in the 2004 movie " Garfield " and the music video features scenes and references to that film .	The album 's title track was featured in the 2004 movie " Garfield " and the music video features scenes and references to that film .
Below , I 'll keep track of my progress along with some commentary , which I hope will help locals who have similar intersts as well as vistors to the area .	Below , I 'll keep track of my progress along with some commentary , which I hope will help locals who have similar interests , as well as prospective vistors to the area .
Below , I 'll keep track of my progress along with some commentary , which I hope will help locals and prospective vistors to the area who have similar interests .	Below , I 'll keep track of my progress along with some commentary , which I hope will help locals and prospective visitors to the area who have similar interests .
This headland feature includes a red sandstone cliff formation .	This headland landform includes a red sandstone cliff formation .
Milton Ness is a coastal landform along the Scottish coast of the North Sea approximately two miles south of the village of Johnshaven .	Milton Ness is a coastal landform along the coast of the North Sea approximately two miles south of the village of Johnshaven , Scotland .
I am a big wrestling fan and also enjoy comidies such as Friends and Everybody Loves Raymond .	I am a big wrestling fan and also enjoy comedies such as Friends and Everybody Loves Raymond .
There ahve been several releases that were bad desions .	There have been several releases that were bad desions .
Articles I 've Created	formula_1Articles I 've Created
formula_1Articles I 've Created	Articles I 've Created
This page is the discussion page for a draft in 's userspace which led to these edits : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bell_533&diff=175233130&oldid=172761571 ]	This page is the discussion page for a draft formely in 's userspace which led to these edits : [ http://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bell_533&diff=175233130&oldid=172761571 ]
" Best Worst Movie " was released on the DVD on November 16 , 2010 , distributed by New Video Group .	" Best Worst Movie " was released on DVD on November 16 , 2010 , distributed by New Video Group .
The same DVD will be included in Scream Factory 's upcoming Blu - ray double feature of " " and " Troll 2 " .	The same DVD will be included in Scream Factory 's upcoming Blu - ray double feature of " Troll " and " Troll 2 " .
The film premiered at South by Southwest in March 2009 , and was released on DVD in November 2010 .	The film premiered at the South by Southwest festival in March 2009 , and was released on DVD in November 2010 .
However , thanks to Myspace , he began to realize that the film had gained a cult following and was often listed alongside favorite movies of users on the site .	however , thanks to Myspace , he began to realize that the film had gained a cult following and was often listed alongside favorite movies of users on the site .
It currently holds a 95 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes , based on 64 reviews , with a weighted average of 7.28/10 .	It holds a 94 % approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes , based on 67 reviews , with a weighted average of 7.26/10 .
Alphonzo De Ford Davis ( February 4 , 1875 in Nashville , TN - February 4 , 1919 in Collins , NY ) , was a former professional baseball player who played outfield in the Major Leagues from 1901 - 1907 .	Alphonzo De Ford Davis ( February 4 , 1875 in Nashville , TN - February 4 , 1919 in Collins , NY ) , was a professional baseball player who played outfield in the major leagues from 1901 - 1907 .
State Championships .	State championships .
Warden High School competes in the Central Washington League under WIAA 2B Classification in the following sports :	Warden High School competes in the Central Washington League under WIAA 1A Classification in the following sports :
The principal is Chris Rust and their mascot is the Cougar .	The principal is Courtney McCoy and their mascot is the Cougar .
Born in Syracuse , New York , and raised in Middletown , Rhode Island , Day graduated from holaAntioch College in 1977 .	Born in me Syracuse , New York , and raised in Middletown , Rhode Island , Day graduated from holaAntioch College in 1977 .
This is more like a wax museum describing the culture of China in the olden days , about Marriage , the dynasties etc .	This is a wax museum describing the culture of China in the olden days , about marriage , the dynasties and others .
The city retains many of the features of an ancient Chinese town .	The place retains many of the features of an ancient Chinese town .
Tongli is half a hour away from Suzhou city .	Tongli is half an hour away from Suzhou city .
In 2004 , the China Sexual and Menstrautal Museum moved to Tongli from Shanghai .	In 2004 , the China Sex Museum moved to Tongli from Shanghai .
During the Spring Festival , people will go to there to strike the bell to pray .	During the Spring Festival , people will go there to strike the bell to pray .
One of most notable attractions is the Retreat & Reflection Garden ( 退思园 ) .	One of most notable attractions is the Retreat & Reflection Garden ( ) .
Felletin ( Falatin in occitan ) is a commune in the Creuse " département " in the Limousin region of France .	Felletin ( " Falatin " in Occitan ) is a commune in the Creuse department and Limousin region of France .
Felletin is a commune in the Creuse department in the Limousin region in central France .	Felletin is a commune in the Creuse department in the Nouvelle - Aquitaine region in central France .
The Shakespeare Prize is an annual prize for writing or performance awarded to a British citizen by the Hamburg Alfred Toepfer Foundation .	The Shakespeare Prize was an annual prize for writing or performance awarded to a British citizen by the Hamburg Alfred Toepfer Foundation .
Hundeby has been awarded the Open Water Swimmer of the Year award three times by the USA Open Water Swimming Committee ( part of the USA Swimming Foundation ) - in 1991 , 1993 and 1994 .	Hundeby has been awarded the Open Water Swimmer of the Year award three times by the USA Open Water Swimming Committee ( part of the USA Swimming ) - in 1991 , 1993 and 1994 .
Though not as successful as the groups previous album , the album did feature the minor hits , " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearence by another Sugarhill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five .	Though not as successful as the group 's previous album , the album did feature the minor hits " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearence by another Sugarhill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five .
Though not as successful as the group 's previous album , the album did feature the minor hits " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearance by another Sugarhill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five .	Though not as successful as the group 's previous album , the album did feature the minor hits " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearance by another Sugar Hill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five .
Though not as successful as the group 's previous album , the album did feature the minor hits " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearance by another Sugar Hill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five .	Though not as successful as the group 's previous album , the album did feature the minor hits " 8th Wonder " and " Apache " and featured an appearance by another Sugar Hill Records rap group , Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five .
Walter S Keller in command .	W. W. Keller in command .
Benary - Isbert was born in Saarbrucken , Germany .	Benary - Isbert was born in Saarbrücken , Germany .
Margot Benary - Isbert died on May 27 , 1979 , in Santa Barbara , California .	Margot Benary - Isbert died on May 27 , 1979 , in Santa Barbara .
She s cousin is the German author and nonfiction writer Otto Albrecht Isbert(1901 - 1986 ) .	Her cousin was the German author and nonfiction writer Otto Albrecht Isbert(1901 - 1986 ) .
Her cousin was the German author and nonfiction writer Otto Albrecht Isbert(1901 - 1986 ) .	Her cousin was the German author and nonfiction writer Otto Albrecht Isbert ( 1901 - 1986 ) .
During the Siege of Toulon , captain Poulain , her commanding officer , joined the British .	During the Siege of Toulon , Captain Poulain , her commanding officer , joined the British .
In late 1808 the Pompée was in the Caribbean , and took part in the attack on Martinique in January 1809	In late 1808 the " Pompee " was in the Caribbean , and took part in the attack on Martinique in January 1809
" Circe " was among the naval vessels that shared in the proceeds of the capture of the islands .	" Pompee " was among the naval vessels that shared in the proceeds of the capture of the islands .
Built as Pompée " , a ship of the French Navy , she was handed over to the British at Spithead by French royalists who had fled France after the Siege of Toulon ( September - December 1793 ) a few months after being completed .	Built as La Pompée " , a ship of the French Navy , she was handed over to the British at Spithead by French royalists who had fled France after the Siege of Toulon ( September - December 1793 ) a few months after being completed .
" Pompee " fled Toulon when the city fell to the French Republicans and sailed to Britain under the temporary command of Lieutenant John Davie .	" La Pompée " fled Toulon when the city fell to the French Republicans and sailed to Britain under the temporary command of Lieutenant John Davie .
, " Pompee " , , , and shared in the proceeds of the capture on 10 September of the " Tordenshiold " .	, " Pompee " , , , and shared in the proceeds of the capture on 10 September of " Tordenshiold " .
he penciled and inked his first story with the six - page Radio Squad story " Murder in the Street " , by writer Jerry Siegel , in " More Fun Comics " # 62 ( Dec. 1940 ) .	he penciled and inked his first feature with the six - page Radio Squad story " Murder in the Street " , by writer Jerry Siegel , in " More Fun Comics " # 62 ( Dec. 1940 ) .
It was reprinted as the lead feature in " 100-Page Super Spectacular " # DC-18 ( July 1973 ) .	It was reprinted as the lead feature in " 100 Page Super Spectacular " # DC-18 ( July 1973 ) .
Ray later began writing and drawing the jungle - adventure feature " Congo Bill " in DC 's " Action Comics " , beginning with # 39 ( Aug. 1941 ) , as well as the Revolutionary War - era feature " Tomahawk " , starting with " Star Spangled Comics " # 72 ( Sept. 1947 ) .	Ray wrote and drew the jungle - adventure feature " Congo Bill " in DC 's " Action Comics " , beginning with # 39 ( Aug. 1941 ) , as well as the Revolutionary War - era feature " Tomahawk " , starting with " Star Spangled Comics " # 72 ( Sept. 1947 ) .
he penciled and inked his first feature with the six - page Radio Squad story " Murder in the Street " , by writer Jerry Siegel , in " More Fun Comics " # 62 ( Dec. 1940 ) .	He penciled and inked his first feature with the six - page Radio Squad story " Murder in the Street " , by writer Jerry Siegel , in " More Fun Comics " # 62 ( Dec. 1940 ) .
In 1969 , he also began drawing and also occasionally also scripting anthological war - comics stories in DC 's " G.I.	In 1969 , he also began drawing and occasionally scripting anthological war - comics stories in DC 's " G.I.
Ray , an authority on military uniforms of the Revolutionary War and a consultant to the Smithsonian Institute , also wrote books on American history , including " Oh , Say , Can You See " ( 1970 ) , and " Alfred R. Waud , Civil War Artist " ( 1974 ) , and additionally wrote , illustrated and published historical booklets on Forts Henry , Niagara and Ticonderoga	Ray , an authority on military uniforms of the Revolutionary War and a consultant to the Smithsonian Institution , also wrote books on American history , including " Oh , Say , Can You See " ( 1970 ) , and " Alfred R. Waud , Civil War Artist " ( 1974 ) , and additionally wrote , illustrated and published historical booklets on Forts Henry , Niagara and Ticonderoga
Ray , an authority on military uniforms of the Revolutionary War and a consultant to the Smithsonian Institution , also wrote books on American history , including " Oh , Say , Can You See " ( 1970 ) , and " Alfred R. Waud , Civil War Artist " ( 1974 ) , and additionally wrote , illustrated and published historical booklets on Forts Henry , Niagara and Ticonderoga	Ray , an authority on military uniforms of the Revolutionary War and a consultant to the Smithsonian Institution , also wrote books on American history , including " Oh , Say , Can You See " ( 1970 ) , and " Alfred R. Waud , Civil War Artist " ( 1974 ) , and additionally wrote , illustrated and published historical booklets on Fort McHenry and " The Star Spangled Banner "
the Alamo	Fort Niagara
Columbia Comics Corporation was a comic book publisher active in the 1940s whose most well - known title was " Big Shot Comics " .	Columbia Comics Corporation was a comic book publisher active in the 1940s whose best - known title was " Big Shot Comics " .
D4RK - L3G10N is a pseudonym , unknown to whom it belongs , even raising uncertainties if it is actually controlled by a human .	D4RK - L3G10N is a pseudonym , being unknown to whom it belongs , even raising uncertainties if it is actually controlled by a human .
Floodwood Scout Reservation .	Floodwood Mountain Reservation .
Floodwood Scout Reservation Floodwood Mountain Scout Reservation has been the ultimate site for High Adventure for over forty years .	Floodwood Mountain Reservation Floodwood Mountain Reservation has been the ultimate site for High Adventure for over forty years .
With Rock Climbing , Waterskiing , archery , and many day hikes and paddles available , Floodwood offers a great program in camp as well as on trek .	With Rock Climbing , waterskiing , archery , and many day hikes and paddles available , Floodwood offers a great program in camp as well as on trek .
Floodwood Mountain Scout Reservation was acquired by Bergen Council , BSA on November 22 , 1963 .	Floodwood Mountain Reservation was acquired by Bergen Council , BSA on November 22 , 1963 .
We continue to promote the Floodwood Mountain Scout Reservation within the council , and we have begun to develop out of council attendance .	We continue to promote the Floodwood Mountain Reservation within the council , and we have begun to develop out of council attendance .
Given the uniqueness of the Rollins experience it is not difficult to convince strong troops from other areas that Rollins is for them .	Given the uniqueness of the Floodwood experience it is not difficult to convince strong troops from other areas that Floodwood is for them .
Floodwood Mountain Scout Reservation- High Adventure Base ,	Floodwood Mountain Reservation- High Adventure Base ,
Nearby Attractions .	Local Activities .
The No - Be - Bos - Co waterfront offers small - boat sailing , rowboats , canoes , and 3 swimming areas :	The No - Be - Bo - Sco waterfront offers small - boat sailing , rowboats , canoes , and 3 swimming areas :
The Freestyle Aerial Training Center is located near the base of the jump towers , as is the the Lake Placid bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track .	The Freestyle Aerial Training Center is located near the base of the jump towers , as is the Lake Placid bobsleigh , luge , and skeleton track .
Typically , NoBe also has the scouts try to find an item that is hidden somewhere around camp , based off the theme using clues given at the meals .	Typically , NoBe also has the scouts try to find an item that is hidden somewhere around camp , based on the theme using clues given at the meals .
Enviormental Science	Environmental Science
In the 1970 ’s , the BSA , based on ecological studies , mandated that camps transition to tent camping , and the OA lodge removed all the lean - to sites excepting Iroquois .	In the 1970s , the BSA , based on ecological studies , mandated that camps transition to tent camping , and the OA lodge removed all the lean - to sites excepting Iroquois .
The Army Corps of Engineers and the National Parks Service collaborated during the 1960 ’s on a project extending from Tocks Island into New York State along the Delaware River .	The Army Corps of Engineers and the National Parks Service collaborated during the 1960s on a project extending from Tocks Island into New York State along the Delaware River .
Each summer they have a	Each summer there is a
One for the American flag stands in the middle , one for New Jersey on the right , and one for Camp NoBeBoSco on the left .	One for the American flag stands in the middle , one for New Jersey on the right , and one for Camp No - Be - Bo - Sco
As the scouts line up in their troops for the ceremony , the staff then proceed to line up behind the three flag poles for the three flags to be lowered .	As the Scouts line up in their troops for the ceremony , the staff then proceed to line up behind the three flag poles for the three flags to be lowered .
The Program Director stands in front of all the staff members facing all the troops , and gives the instructions on when to lower the flags , salute for the lowering of the American Flag ( which is done at a slow pace ) , and standing at " Parade Rest " for the lowering of the other two flags .	The Program Director stands in front of all the staff members facing all the troops , and gives the instructions on when to lower the flags , salute for the lowering of the American flag ( which is done at a slow pace ) , and standing at " Parade Rest " for the lowering of the other two flags .
Once the ceremony is completed , all staff and scouts are dismissed to the Dining Hall for dinner .	Once the ceremony is completed , all staff and Scouts are dismissed to the dining hall for dinner .
Individual Activites .	Individual Activities .
The Army Corps of Engineers and the National Parks Service collaborated during the 1960s on a project to build a proposed national recreation area along the Delaware River that would have been built in conjunction with the controversial Tocks Island Dam project .	The Army Corps of Engineers and the National Park Service collaborated during the 1960s on a project to build a proposed national recreation area along the Delaware River that would have been built in conjunction with the controversial Tocks Island Dam project .
There are many words and phrases that would rarely be included in professional text .	There are different words and phrases that would rarely be included in the professional text .
The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
List of Characters in the Iliad	List of characters in the Iliad
In the homeric works humans indirectly control their destiny by their actions and decisions .	In the Homeric works humans indirectly control their destiny by their actions and decisions .
Homer allows his heroic mortals to stand close to gods .	Homer allows his heroic mortals to stand close to the gods .
“ But Zeus does not bring to accomplishment all thoughts in men ’s minds ” ( Iliad , XVIII 328 ) , as Achileus stresses in admitting humanity ’s restrained power .	“ But Zeus does not bring to accomplishment all thoughts in men ’s minds ” ( Iliad , XVIII 328 ) , as Achilleus stresses in admitting humanity ’s restrained power .
Carey is a Bible and Theological College for training in mission , ministry , and formation based in Auckland , New Zealand .	Carey Baptist College is a Bible and theological college for training in mission , ministry , and formation based in Auckland , New Zealand .
importScript('User : Kevin Forsyth / userwatchlist.js ' ) ;	importScript('User : Kevin Forsyth / userwatch.js ' ) ;
Blakey and Dorene Haver later created the first CGI ship for Star Trek , in the form of a 3D Runabout shuttle for “ Star Trek : The Next Generation . ”	Blakey and Dorene Haver later created the first CGI ship for Star Trek , in the form of a 3D Runabout shuttle for " " .
Other early work included the pilot of ' for which Rob Bredow , Ted Fay , Carl Hooper , Daniel Kramer and Pete Shinners created the first instance of seamlessly between a human actor and a photorealistic CGI ' " model of the actor .	Other early work included the pilot of ' for which Rob Bredow , Ted Fay , Carl Hooper , Daniel Kramer and Pete Shinners created the first instance of seamlessly morphing between a human actor and a photorealistic CGI ' " model of the actor .
VisionArt also won an Emmy for Best Individual Achievement in Visual Effects for " " .	VisionArt also won an Emmy for Best Individual Achievement in Effects for " " .
Other early work included the pilot of " " for which Rob Bredow , Ted Fay , Carl Hooper , Daniel Kramer , Pete Shinners , and Barry Safley demonstrated the seamless morphing between a human actor and a photorealistic CGI model of the actor .	Other early work included the pilot of " " for which Rob Bredow , Ted Fay , Carl Hooper , Daniel Kramer , and Pete Shinners , demonstrated the seamless morphing between a human actor and a photorealistic CGI model of the actor .
" With those kinds of numbers , key frame animation was impossible , so VisionArt 's Rob Bredows , Brian Hall and Pete Shinners developed sophisticated flocking software that the babies a kind of artificial intelligence .	" With those kinds of numbers , key frame animation was impossible , so VisionArt 's Rob Bredow , Brian Hall and Pete Shinners developed sophisticated flocking software that the babies a kind of artificial intelligence .
VisionArt also created 80 talking animal shorts for the 1998 's " Dr. Dolittle " , most of which involved blending 3D elements integrated with 2D animation of the live - action animal , involving everything from muzzle replacement to full head replacement on a given animal actor .	VisionArt created 80 talking animal shorts for the 1998 's " Dr. Dolittle " , most of which involved blending 3D elements integrated with 2D animation of the live - action animal , involving everything from muzzle replacement to full head replacement on a given animal actor .
Beginning with season 1 , episode 11 " Vortex , " Odo morphs were animated by Ted Fay , with Blakey generating the intermediate blobular " goo " state of the shape - shifting character , and Dorene Haver providing the compositing .	Beginning with season 1 , episode 11 " , " Odo morphs were animated by Ted Fay , with Blakey generating the intermediate blobular " goo " state of the shape - shifting character , and Dorene Haver providing the compositing .
The CGI " Defiant " was featured heavily in the Season 4 episode " Starship Down " , where it battled a CGI Jem'Hadar ship , designed by Robert Tom and built by Hooper , in a CGI gas giant 's atmosphere .	The CGI " " was featured heavily in the Season 4 episode " Starship Down " , where it battled a CGI Jem'Hadar ship , designed by Robert Tom and built by Hooper , in a CGI gas giant 's atmosphere .
Sparky , a dynamics / simulation software spearheaded by Rob Bredow , director of research and development , along with Pete Shinners , was heavily expanded to provide for near - real - time animation of large groups of F-18 jet fighters , alien attackers , missiles , smoke trailers , shields , etc .	Sparky , a dynamics / simulation software developed by Rob Bredow , director of research and development , along with Pete Shinners , was heavily expanded to provide for near - real - time animation of large groups of F-18 jet fighters , alien attackers , missiles , smoke trailers , shields , etc .
The reveal was animated by Ted Fay , with compositing by Bettany Shackelford .	The reveal was animated by Ted Fay , with compositing by Bethany Berndt - Shackelford .
" Transparent " Visual Effects .	" Transparent " visual effects .
but he subsequently spoiled the effect by too much and too precise work with the graver .	but he subsequently spoiled the effect by too much and too precise work with the engraver .
For many years Corneille resided at the Gobelins manufactory , and was sometimes called " Corneille des Gobelins " .	For many years Corneille resided at the Gobelins Manufactory , and was sometimes called " Corneille des Gobelins " .
Their programs include Licensed Practical nurse LPN , Certified Nurse Assistant CNA , Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation CPR , and First Aid Certification .	Its programs include Licensed Practical Nurse ( LPN ) , Certified Nurse Assistant ( CNA ) , Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation ( CPR ) , and First Aid Certification .
The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Pietrosu River is a right tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The problem with this content is that Wikipedia 's policy generlaly prohibits including self - published material in the encyclopedia .	The problem with this content is that Wikipedia 's policy generally prohibits including self - published material in the encyclopedia .
Mystery Aircraft	Mystery airship
The mysterious airborne craft was seen by thousands of people as it flew across the U.S.A. To this day " The Great Airship " as it came to be known , hasnever been fully explained . The first sighting of the airship occurred on the night of November 17 , 1896 , in Sacramento , California .	The mysterious airborne craft was seen by thousands of people as it flew across the U.S.A. To this day " The Great Airship " as it came to be known , has never been fully explained . The first sighting of the airship occurred on the night of November 17 , 1896 , in Sacramento , California .
Witnesses said the airbrone vessel steered around buildings and avoided nearby hiils before flying away .	Witnesses said the airborne vessel steered around buildings and avoided nearby hills before flying away .
Airplanes had not yet been invinted and it would be seven years before the Wright Brothers flew the first airplane at Kitty Hawk , North Carolina .	Airplanes had not yet been invented and it would be seven years before the Wright Brothers flew the first airplane at Kitty Hawk , North Carolina .
Early in 1897 , reports began coming in that The Great Airchip was heading east .	Early in 1897 , reports began coming in that The Great Airship was heading east .
The ufologists noticed similarities between the airship reports of the 1890s and the flying saucers reports of the 1940s and 1950s : the airship could fly fast fast or slow , hover , circlw , and land	The ufologists noticed similarities between the airship reports of the 1890s and the flying saucers reports of the 1940s and 1950s : the airship could fly fast fast or slow , hover , circle , and land
The Very Reverend Canon Michael O'Brien ( July 1922 - 22 July 2012 ) was an Irish Catholic priest and a former hurling manager .	The Very Reverend Canon Michael O'Brien ( July 15 , 1922-July 22 , 2012 ) was an Irish Catholic priest and a hurling manager .
The Very Reverend Archdeacon Michael J. O'Brien is a retired Irish Catholic priest and a hurling manager .	The Very Reverend Archdeacon Michael J. O'Brien is a retired Irish Catholic priest who was also a noted hurling manager .
Michael G. O'Brien ( 26 April 1931 - 14 November 2014 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest who was also a noted hurling coach and manager .	Michael G. O'Brien ( 1933 - 14 November 2014 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest who was also a noted hurling coach and manager .
His biggest success came with Cork , whom he steered to two All - Ireland titles , four Munster title and one National Hurling League title .	His biggest success came with Cork , whom he steered to two All - Ireland titles , four Munster titles and one National Hurling League title .
In December of 1918 he became leader of a scouts sabotage unit , which attacked the Soviets stationed in Ukraine .	In December 1918 he became leader of a scouts sabotage unit , which attacked the Soviets stationed in Ukraine .
After the war Niezbrzycki , who took education both in Polish and Russian , was introduced to Jozef Pilsudski , who offered him a job in the Headquarters of the Polish Army .	After the war Niezbrzycki , who took education both in Polish and Russian , was introduced to Józef Piłsudski , who offered him a job in the Headquarters of the Polish Army .
However , he became editor in chief of the army ’s Polska Zbrojna magazine .	However , he became editor in chief of the army 's " Polska Zbrojna " magazine .
Later , he moved to the West , but regarded as a pro - Pilsudski activist , he was not favored by the government of General Wladyslaw Sikorski .	Later , he moved to the West , but regarded as a pro - Piłsudski activist , he was not favored by the government of General Władysław Sikorski .
Niezbrzycki was born in July 27 , 1902 in Vinnitsa , in a well - educated family .	Niezbrzycki was born on July 27 , 1902 in Vinnitsa , in a well - educated family .
Um Neng , alians Vy , was a Cambodian communist politician .	Um Neng , alias Vy , was a Cambodian communist politician .
It is also bordered by the Rajdhani College and its grounds .	It is also bordered by the Rajdhani College and its cricket grounds .
Several original houses still remain with the characteristic window ledges and large glassed stairwells of the 1960s / 70s .	Several original houses still remain with the characteristic expansive window ledges and large glassed stairwells of the 1960s / 70s .
Ther are a variety of primary schools in and around Bali Nagar .	There are a variety of primary schools in and around Bali Nagar .
There is an unusual old house in the G block that seems to have been inspired by an English country cottage and which is compltely encircled in its own planted trees .	There is an unusual old house in the G block that seems to have been inspired by an English country cottage and which is completely encircled in its own planted trees .
Sharma , the Archeological Survey of India , 1963	Sharma , the Archeological Survey of India Press , 1963
These two localities are the only con of Bali Nagar , otherwise it gives competition to highly posh areas like Green Park and Defence Colony .	The surrounding is the only con of Bali Nagar , otherwise it gives competition to highly posh areas like Green Park and Defence Colony .
It is surrounded by two of the worst areas of West Delhi : Basai Darapur and Raja Garden .	It is surrounded by two of the areas of West Delhi : Basai Darapur and Raja Garden .
Several original houses still remain with the characteristic expansive window ledges and large glassed stairwells of the 1960s and 70s .	Several original houses still remain with the characteristic expensive window ledges and large glassed stairwells of the 1960s and 70s .
Bali Nagar was developed by their real estate company known as Bali & Co ( Pvt ) Ltd. His vast collection of farming lands were opened up to development in Delhi 's 1970s expansion to the north and the west .	Bali Nagar was developed by a real estate company known as Bali & Co ( Pvt ) Ltd. His vast collection of farming lands were opened up to development in Delhi 's 1970s expansion to the north and the west .
" Bali Nagar " is a residential colony located in West of New Delhi , India .	" Bali Nagar " is a High Dem residential colony located in West of New Delhi , India .
" Bali Nagar " is a med - high dem residential colony located in West of New Delhi , India .	Bali Nagar is a medium - high dem residential colony located in West of New Delhi , India .
From a Medical point of view there are a few Chemists , Dental Clincs and several Doctors GP ( general practioner ) clincs .	From a medical point of view there are a few chemists , dental clinics , and several Doctors GP ( general practitioner ) clinics .
There is also a muti speciality hospital and a Nursing home on the high street .	There is also a hospital and a nursing home on the high street .
Bali Nagar also has a number of lush green and serene parks between the resedential blocks .	Bali Nagar has a number of lush green and serene parks between the residential blocks .
Sharma , the Archeological Survey of India Press , 1982 .	Sharma , the Archaeological Survey of India Press , 1982 .
For food shopping there are supermarkets such as Reliance Fresh , Big Apple , Cooperative Milk Dairy , and Flour Mill along with other independent grocers and food stores .	For food shopping there are supermarkets such as Reliance Fresh , Mother Dairy , and Flour Mill along with other independent grocers and food stores .
Judeţul Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .	Durostor County was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .
Durostor County was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .	Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .
On September 7 , 1940 , the former county ( except for the north - eastern corner comprising of Ostrov and Lipniţa communes ) with the whole Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria ( " see Treaty of Craiova " ) .	On September 7 , 1940 , the former county ( except for the north - eastern corner comprised of Ostrov and Lipniţa communes ) with the whole Southern Dobruja was returned to Bulgaria ( " see Treaty of Craiova " ) .
Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .	Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Durostor .
Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Durostor .	Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra .
The county consisted of 4 districts ( " plăşi " ) : Accadânlar , Curtbunar , Silistra and Turtucaia .	The county consisted of 4 districts ( " plăşi " ) : Accadânlar , Dulovo , Silistra and Tutrakan .
Durostor was a county ( " judeţ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra ( then Dârstor ) .	Durostor was a county ( " județ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra ( then Dârstor ) .
The county consisted of 4 districts ( " plăşi " ) : Accadânlar , Curtbunar , Silistra and Turtucaia .	The county consisted of 4 districts ( " plăși " ) : Accadânlar , Curtbunar , Silistra and Turtucaia .
The county was neighbored by the counties of Ilfov and Ialomiţa to the north , Caliacra and Constanţa to the east and the Kingdom of Bulgaria to the south .	The county was neighbored by the counties of Ilfov and Ialomița to the north , Caliacra and Constanța to the east and the Kingdom of Bulgaria to the south .
After the 1938 " Administrative and Constitutional Reform " , the county was merged with counties of Constanţa , Caliacra and Ialomiţa to form the Ţinutul Mării .	After the 1938 " Administrative and Constitutional Reform " , the county was merged with counties of Constanța , Caliacra and Ialomița to form the Ținutul Mării .
Durostor was a county ( " județ " ) of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra ( then Dârstor ) .	Durostor was a county ( " județ " ) of the Kingdom of Romania , in Southern Dobruja , with the seat at Silistra ( then Dârstor ) .
Durostor County , together with the rest of the Cadrilater , remained with Romania until 1940 , when Treaty of Craiova of September 7 returned to Bulgaria as an indirect consequence of Nazi German political pressure on the Romanian government .	Durostor County , together with the rest of the Cadrilater , remained with Romania until 1940 , when the Treaty of Craiova of September 7 returned to Bulgaria as an indirect consequence of Nazi German political pressure on the Romanian government .
After the 1938 " Administrative and Constitutional Reform " , the county was merged with counties of Constanța , Caliacra and Ialomița to form the Ținutul Mării .	After the 1938 " Administrative and Constitutional Reform " , the county was merged with the counties of Constanța , Caliacra , and Ialomița to form Ținutul Mării .
-Ace : No one know that much about Ace .	-Ace : No one knows that much about Ace .
The story starts out with Sneez , Goldie , Hiccup , Ace and Peirre .	The story starts out with Sneeze , Hiccup , Goldie , Ace , and Peirre .
They are working on their Egyptian projects .	They are working on their Egyptian history projects .
The novel was named named to the Best Books of the Month list in ALAN , the journal of the National Council of Teachers of English .	The novel was named to the Best Books of the Month list in ALAN , the journal of the National Council of Teachers of English .
sneeze does n't want to leave his friends so Sneeze makes a list of things to do to bug teachers .	Sneeze does n't want to leave his friends so he makes a list of things to do to bug teachers .
Sneeze enters the inventors club and his mom has a baby named Alyssa Marie Wyatt , who inherits his allergies .	Sneeze enters the Inventors Club , and his mom has a baby named Alyssa Marie Wyatt , who inherits his allergies .
It is the sequel to " 101 Ways To Bug Your Parents . "	It is the sequel to " 101 Ways To Bug Your Parents " .
Sneeze enters the Inventors Club , and his mom has a baby named Alyssa Marie Wyatt , who inherits his terrible allergies .	Sneeze enters the Inventors Club , and his mom has a baby named Lisa Joe Batten , who inherits his terrible allergies .
There are two reasons that Steve does n't want to high school .	There are two reasons that Steve does n't want to go to high school .
Sneeze enters the Inventors Club , and his mom has a baby named Lisa Joe Batten , who inherits his terrible allergies .	Sneeze enters the Inventors Club , and his mom has a baby named Alyssa Marie Wyatt , who inherits his terrible allergies .
Plot Summary .	Plot summary .
" L7HOMAS " is " iconomic " pseudonym for L. Thomas [ http://www . Hammond - and - Associates.net ] .	" L7HOMAS " is " iconomic " pseudonym for L. Thomas { Hammond [ http://www . Hammond - and - Associates.net]}.
" L7HOMAS " is " iconomic " pseudonym for L. Thomas { Hammond [ http://www . Hammond - and - Associates.net ] } , the author of " Color Angle " ( ISBN 0 - 934190 - 00 - 3 , ) .	" L7HOMAS " is " iconomic " pseudonym for L. Thomas { Hammond [ http://www . Hammond - and - Associates.net ] } , the author of " Color Angle " ( , ) .
1887–1957 Smygehamn had the southernmost railway station ( called " Östratorp " after the parish ) of Sweden .	Between 1887–1957 Smygehamn had the southernmost railway station ( called " Östratorp " after the parish ) of Sweden .
On December 3 , 2001 , Rabbi Mordechai Yomtov , a Chabad - trained rabbi at " Cheder Mena ary school " was arrested and held on $ 500,000 bail after three boys , ages 8 to 10 , reported that Yomtov was keeping them alone in the classroom and molesting them while the other children were at recess .	On December 3 , 2001 , Rabbi Mordechai Yomtov , a Chabad - trained rabbi at " Cheder Menachem Elementary school " was arrested and held on $ 500,000 bail after three boys , ages 8 to 10 , reported that Yomtov was keeping them alone in the classroom and molesting them while the other children were at recess .
Elazar Shach .	Elazar Shach 's Critique .
On December 15 , 2004 a riot erupted in crown height between anti - messianists and messianists that led to scores of hospitalisations and arrests after the official movement attempted to install a plaque , noting that Schneerson was dead .	On December 15 , 2004 a riot erupted in Crown Heights between anti - messianists and messianists that led to scores of hospitalisations and arrests after the official movement attempted to install a plaque , noting that Schneerson was dead .
Its founder Shneur Zalman of Liadi was twice arrested by the Russians on trumped up charges , but went on to oppose Napoleonic emancipation of the Jews	Its founder Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi was twice arrested by the Russians on trumped up charges , but went on to oppose Napoleonic emancipation of the Jews
his son later converted to Christianity .	one of his sons later converted to Christianity .
The conduct of the sixth leader , Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn during the Second World War was been criticised by scholars and contemporaries .	The conduct of the sixth leader , Rabbi Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn during the Second World War was been criticised by scholars and contemporaries .
Its seventh leader , Menachem Mendel Schneerson 's theology has been controversial especially in the light of its use by some followers to deify him	Its seventh leader , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson 's theology has been controversial especially in the light of its use by some followers to deify him
became active in Israeli politics and was criticised heavily by Elazar Shach for his messianic focus .	became active in Israeli politics and was criticised heavily by Rabbi Elazar Shach for his messianic focus .
Shneur Zalman of Liadi , the founder of the movement , was arrested by Tsar Paul I on two occasions on trumped up charges but released both times .	Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi , the founder of the movement , was arrested by Tsar Paul I on two occasions on trumped up charges but released both times .
A family dispute arose about the library of the sixth Rebbe which also brought an internal family rivalry between Barry Gurary ( supported by his mother ) and his uncle the seventh Rebbe ( supported by the " Rashag " , Barry 's father ) into the public spotlight .	A family dispute arose about the library of the sixth Rebbe which also brought an internal family rivalry between Rabbi Barry Gurary ( supported by his mother ) and his uncle the seventh Rebbe ( supported by the " Rashag " , Barry 's father ) into the public spotlight .
Elazar Shach 's Critique .	Elazar Shach 's critique .
Lubavitcher students of high school age were sent to Yeshiva Chaim Berlin , where Rabbi Hutner was the Rosh Yeshiva .	Lubavitcher students of high school age were sent to Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin , where Rabbi Hutner was the Rosh Yeshiva .
Rabbi Aharon Feldman , dean of the Ner Israel Rabbinical College ( Yeshivas Ner Yisroel ) penned a public response to a question from a student asking how orthodox Jews should relate to chabad messianists in 2003 .	Rabbi Aharon Feldman , dean of the Ner Israel Rabbinical College ( Yeshivas Ner Yisroel ) penned a public response to a question from a student asking how Orthodox Jews should relate to Chabad messianists in 2003 .
He rules that it is forbidden to associate with Elokists under any circumstances due to their heresy and they can not be counted for a Minyan .	He rules that it is forbidden to associate with Elokists under any circumstances due to their heresy and they can not be counted for a minyan .
A senior American Posek , Rabbi Yehuda Henkin , in a responsa to Gil Student ruled that messianists are merely foolish and need not be shunned .	A senior American posek , Rabbi Yehuda Henkin , in a responsa to Gil Student ruled that messianists are merely foolish and need not be shunned .
Rabbi Yaakov Weinberg , a rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Ner Yisroel , told an enquiring student ( even before the Rebbe 's death ) that he should pray alone rather than in a Chabad synagogue because ' they pray to a different deity["eloah " ] ' .	Rabbi Yaakov Weinberg , a rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Ner Yisroel , told an enquiring student ( even before the Rebbe 's death ) that he should pray alone rather than in a Chabad synagogue because ' they pray to a different deity [ " eloah " ] ' .
is a phrase used by many Lubavitch Chassidic to pray and proclaim that the seventh Lubavitcher Rebbe , Menachem Mendel Schneerson the messiah .	is a phrase used by many Lubavitch Hasidim to pray and proclaim that the seventh Lubavitcher Rebbe , Menachem Mendel Schneerson is the messiah .
Putin Medal .	Putin medal .
Armed Robbery .	Armed robbery .
Public Menorahs .	Public menorahs .
Involvement in Politics .	Involvement in politics .
Conservative rabbi Lionel Moses argued :	Conservative Rabbi Lionel Moses argued :
A plate was thrown at Mr Netanyahu , then the Finance Minister .	A plate was thrown at Mr. Netanyahu , then the Finance Minister .
The mikva was payed for by all quarters of the Jewish community .	The mikva was paid for by all quarters of the Jewish community .
In fact , Rebbetzin Shterna Sarah gave Reb Itche Der Masmid the Rebbe Rashab 's shtreimel , which in many Chassidic circles is an indication of succesion .	In fact , Rebbetzin Shterna Sarah gave Reb Itche Der Masmid the Rebbe Rashab 's shtreimel , which in many Chassidic circles is an indication of succession .
Lew , who 's $ 200,000 bond had been payed by a " hasidic organisation in Brooklyn " , made an Alford plea to conspiracy to commit a forcible felony as part of a plea bargain , ans was sentenced to 10 years in jail and 5 years on probation for driving the getaway car .	Lew , who 's $ 200,000 bond had been paid by a " hasidic organisation in Brooklyn " , made an Alford plea to conspiracy to commit a forcible felony as part of a plea bargain , ans was sentenced to 10 years in jail and 5 years on probation for driving the getaway car .
Feldman agreed that the Yeshiva did indeed owe Gutnick the money but argued that there had been an unwitnessed verbal agreement between the two that the interest ( 70 % of the debt ) would never be payed as Jewish law forbids taking interest from a charity .	Feldman agreed that the Yeshiva did indeed owe Gutnick the money but argued that there had been an unwitnessed verbal agreement between the two that the interest ( 70 % of the debt ) would never be paid as Jewish law forbids taking interest from a charity .
An investigation has been launched by South Australian Police into fake report cards Rabbi Yossi Engel allegedly signed and government funding allegedly paid to a non - existent Adelaide Jewish school .	An investigation has been launched by South Australian Police into fake report cards Chabad Rabbi Yossi Engel allegedly signed and government funding allegedly paid to a non - existent Adelaide Jewish school .
" and we may explain , according the above , that as regards Bais Rabeinu shBeBavel in this generation - it means the house - the Bais Hakneses and Bais Hamedrash - of my holy father - in - law , the Nasi of our generation .	" And we may explain , according the above , that as regards Bais Rabeinu shBeBavel in this generation - it means the house - the Bais Hakneses and Bais Hamedrash - of my holy father - in - law , the Nasi of our generation .
The FAMARS Rombo is a model of four - barrelled break - action shotgun made by the FAMARS factory in Italy .	The Rombo is a model of four - barrelled break - action shotgun made by the FAMARS factory in Italy .
The Rombo is a model of four - barrelled break - action shotgun made by the Famars in Italy .	The Rombo is a model of four - barrelled break - action shotgun made by Famars in Italy .
" General E. T. Collins " was returned to the Maritime Administartion 30 June 1960 and was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet , Suisun Bay , California .	" General E. T. Collins " was returned to the Maritime Administration 30 June 1960 and was placed in the National Defense Reserve Fleet , Suisun Bay , California .
Forrest 's troops were attempting to capture the small Federal garrison of Fort Pillow .	Forrest 's troopers were attempting to capture the small Federal garrison of Fort Pillow .
Over the next two days the gunboat would continue to intermitantly shell the woods near Fort Pillow to disuade the Confederates from establishing a battery or burning a number of barges along the river bank .	Over the next two days the gunboat continued to intermittently shell the woods near Fort Pillow to dissuade the Confederates from establishing a battery or burning a number of barges along the river bank .
" New Era " was also a name initially carried ( until 1861 ) by a " timberclad " ( later ironclad ) USS " Essex " .	" New Era " was also a name initially carried ( until 1861 ) by a " timberclad " ( later ironclad ) .
On the 11th , Rear Adm. David Dixon Porter ordered New Era to take on board , from " Baron de Kalb " and " Cincinnati " , men wounded during the expedition for transportation to a hospital ship at the mouth of the White River	On the 11th , Rear Adm. David Dixon Porter ordered New Era to take on board , from " Baron de Kalb " and , men wounded during the expedition for transportation to a hospital ship at the mouth of the White River
10 to relieve " Carondelet " .	10 to relieve .
She captured steamer " W. A. Knapp " carrying a contraband cargo 4 February and took steamers " Rowena " and White Cloud under similar circumstances on the 13th .	She captured steamer " W. A. Knapp " carrying a contraband cargo on 4 February and took steamers " Rowena " and White Cloud under similar circumstances on the 13th .
and commissioned at St. Louis , Missouri , in December 1862 , Acting Master Frank W. F. Flanner in command .	and commissioned at St. Louis , Missouri , in December 1862 , with Acting Master Frank W. F. Flanner in command .
On 3 January 1863 she headed down stream again and the next day , with ten other Union gunboats , got underway up the White River in Arkansas , with Union army troops under Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman , to capture Fort Hindman .	On 3 January 1863 she headed downstream again and the next day , with ten other Union gunboats , got underway up the White River in Arkansas , with Union army troops under Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman , to capture Fort Hindman .
On the 11 January , Rear Adm. David Dixon Porter ordered " New Era " to take on board , from " Baron de Kalb " and , men wounded during the expedition for transportation to a hospital ship at the mouth of the White River	On 11 January , Rear Adm. David Dixon Porter ordered " New Era " to take on board , from " Baron de Kalb " and , men wounded during the expedition for transportation to a hospital ship at the mouth of the White River
The Topliţa River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Topliţa River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Face was a fictional comic book superhero who appeared in 1940s comics during what historians and fans call the Golden Age of Comic Books .	The Face is a fictional character , a comic book superhero that appeared in 1940s comics during what historians and fans call the Golden Age of Comic Books .
In the 1980s , new stories were published by Ron Frantz 's Ace Comics .	In the 1980 's , new stories were published by Ron Frantz ' Ace Comics .
Three issue of " Who is The Face ? "	Three issues of " Who is The Face ? "
Having no innate superpowers , he instead uses a frightful mask to scare criminals , not unlike Batman .	Having no innate superpowers , he instead uses a grotesque green mask to scare criminals , not unlike Batman .
The Association of Women Solicitors ( AWS ) is a recognised group of the Law Society of England and Wales that aims to be the essential national network promoting the potential and success of each woman solicitor at every stage of her career .	The Association of Women Solicitors ( AWS)is a recognised group of the Law Society of England and Wales[http://www.lawsociety.org.uk that aims to be the essential national network promoting the potential and success of each woman solicitor at every stage of her career .
The current Chairwoman is Susha Chandrasekhar ( Government Legal Service ) , the Vice - Chairwoman is Fiona Fitzgerald ( Coleman Ctts ) and the Deputy - Vice Chairwoman is Clare McConnell ( Pinsent Masons ) .	The current Chairwoman is Susha Chandrasekhar ( Government Legal Service)[http://www.gls.gov.uk ] , the Vice - Chairwoman is Fiona Fitzgerald ( Coleman Ctts ) and the Deputy - Vice Chairwoman is Clare McConnell ( Pinsent Masons ) .
The Association of Women Solicitors ( AWS)is a recognised group of the Law Society of England and Wales[http://www.lawsociety.org.uk that aims to be the essential national network promoting the potential and success of each woman solicitor at every stage of her career .	The Association of Women Solicitors ( AWS ) is a recognised group of the Law Society of England and Wales that aims to be the essential national network promoting the potential and success of each woman solicitor at every stage of her career .
The current Chairwoman is Susha Chandrasekhar ( Government Legal Service)[http://www.gls.gov.uk ] , the Vice - Chairwoman is Fiona Fitzgerald ( Coleman Ctts ) and the Deputy - Vice Chairwoman is Clare McConnell ( Pinsent Masons ) .	The current Chairwoman is Susha Chandrasekhar ( Government Legal Service ) , the Vice - Chairwoman is Fiona Fitzgerald ( Coleman Ctts ) and the Deputy - Vice Chairwoman is Clare McConnell ( Pinsent Masons ) .
The AWS runs a mentoring scheme , a maternity & paternity helpline and CPD - accredited courses ( including a week - long course at Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge , aimed at encouraging solicitors to re - enter the profession after a career break ) .	The AWS runs a mentoring program , a maternity & paternity helpline and CPD - accredited courses ( including a week - long course at Lucy Cavendish College , Cambridge , aimed at encouraging solicitors to re - enter the profession after a career break ) .
The AWS has a seat on the Law Society Council and works with other organisations to promote diversity in the profession .	The AWS has a seat on the Law Society Council and works with other organizations to promote diversity in the profession .
It is a house situated on 103 wooded acres .	It is a house situated on wooded .
The Wadsworth family maintained Long Hill until 1947 , when it was sold to Our Lady of the Cenacle , an order of nuns who used it as a retreat center for 40 years .	The Wadsworth family maintained Long Hill until 1947 , when it was sold to Our Lady of the Cenacle , a Roman Catholic religious institute who used it as a retreat center for 40 years .
" Caprice Bohémian " , though , was much better received than his first symphony , which was a total failure at launch and would n't gain much recognition until after the composers death .	" Caprice Bohémian " , though , was much better received than his first symphony , which was a total failure at launch and would n't gain much recognition until after the composer 's death .
Caprice Bohémian , Op .	Caprice Bohémien , Op .
12 is a symphonic poem for full orchestra composed by Sergei Rachmaninoff in 1892 - 1894 .	12 is a symphonic poem for orchestra composed by Sergei Rachmaninoff in 1892 - 1894 .
An earlier example of Rachmaninoff 's compositions , the piece consists of many immense moments played in full " a tutti " , which was the same bombastic nature that critics would lambast with his next composition , Symphony No .	An earlier example of Rachmaninoff 's compositions , the piece consists of many moments played in full " a tutti " , which was the same bombastic approach that critics would lambast with his next composition , Symphony No .
" Caprice Bohémien " was better received than his first symphony , which gained respect only after the composer 's death .	" Caprice bohémien " was better received than his first symphony , which gained respect only after the composer 's death .
The International Diving Educators Association or ( IDEA ) was originally founded in 1952 as the Florida Skin Divers Association ( FSDA ) , and later changed its name to the Florida Scuba Divers Association .	The International Diving Educators Association or ( IDEA ) was originally founded in 1952 as the Florida Skin Divers Association ( FSDA)Scuba Training Committee , and later changed its name to the Florida Scuba Divers Association .
In February of 1978 the group officially voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the original FSDA .	In February of 1976 the FSDA Scuaba Training Commitee members officially voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the original FSDA .
The International Diving Educators Association or ( IDEA ) was originally founded in 1952 as the Florida Skin Divers Association ( FSDA)Scuba Training Committee , and later changed its name to the Florida Scuba Divers Association .	The International Diving Educators Association or ( IDEA ) was originally founded in 1952 as the Florida Skin Divers Association ( FSDA ) Scuba Training Committee , and later changed its name to the Florida Scuba Divers Association .
In February 1976 the FSDA Scuaba Training Committee members officially voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the original FSDA .	In February 1976 the FSDA Scuba Training Committee members officially voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the original FSDA .
IDEA has affliates operating in both Asia and Europe .	IDEA has affiliates operating in both Asia and Europe .
IDEA has affiliates operating in both Asia and Europe .	IDEA has affiliates operating in Asia and Europe .
Then , in February 1976 the FSDA Scuba Training Committee members voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the FSDA to make the organization an international SCUBA diving certification agency .	Then , in February 1976 the FSDA Scuba Training Committee members voted to create the International Diving Educators Association , based on the principles of the FSDA to make the organization an international Scuba diving certification agency .
February 27 , 2008 .	March 9 , 2008 .
July 30 , 2008 .	August 3 , 2008 .
October 22 , 2008 .	November 13 , 2008 .
August 10 , 2009 .	October 2 , 2009 .
This entry	The entry
This entry	The entry
This entry	The entry
This entry	The entry
This entry	The entry
This is a list of Presidents of the Legislative Yuan :	This is a list of President of the Legislative Yuan :
Brandt received his college degree from the University of Oklahoma , making him the first alumni to become president of the University of Oklahoma .	Brandt received his college degree from the University of Oklahoma , making him the first alumnus to become president of the University of Oklahoma .
Suzuki is a studio album by Austrian duo Tosca , released by Studio ! K7 and G - Stone Records in 2000 .	Suzuki is a studio album by Austrian duo Tosca , released by Studio ! K7 and G - Stone Recordings in 2000 .
The Călmuş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Călmuş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Călmuş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Călmuș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Călmuș River is a left tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Călmuș River is a left tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .
The Călmuș River is a left tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Călmuș is a left tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .
As per , the title of this page should be determined by common usage , and common usage clearly favors " vacuum permeability " and its variants ( " permeability of vacuum " or " of free space " ) over " magnetic constant " , despite the fact that the latter seems to be favored by standards organizations these days .	As per , the title of this page should be determined by common usage , and common usage overwhelmingly favors " vacuum permeability " and its variants ( " permeability of vacuum " or " of free space " ) over " magnetic constant " , despite the fact that the latter seems to be favored by standards organizations these days .
It should n't Hiroshi be marked as WD for these two races ?	Should n't Hiroshi be marked as WD for these two races ?
He proved that the Easter liturgy does not follow the Gospel but the burial ritual of Caesar .	He showed that the Easter liturgy does not follow the Gospel but the funerary ritual of Julius Caesar .
After the war he ( like many academics with training in Jewish text but with compromised war - time records ) escaped close scrutiny by the Allied authorities on " the naive assumption among Allied authorities ... that those who had expertise in rabbinical texts must have been sympathetic to Judaism , or at least uninvolved in Nazi activities . "	After the war he ( like many academics with training in Jewish texts but with compromised war - time records ) escaped close scrutiny by the Allied authorities on " the naive assumption among Allied authorities ... that those who had expertise in rabbinical texts must have been sympathetic to Judaism , or at least uninvolved in Nazi activities . "
His son Dietrich is Professor Emeritus of Theoretical Physics at the University of Cologne .	His son Dietrich became a Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Cologne .
Current examples of patient portal companies include www . OptumHealth.com and www . WebMD.com as larger companies , and Sophrona Solutions and Cerner Powerworks as smaller players .	Current examples of patient portal companies include www . OptumHealth.com and www . WebMD.com as larger companies , and Sophrona Solutionswww.sophrona.com and Cerner Powerworks as smaller players .
Current examples of patient portal companies include OptumHealthand WebMD[www . WebMD.com as larger companies , and Sophrona Solutionsand Cerner Powerworks as smaller players .	Current examples of patient portal companies include OptumHealth and WebMD[www . WebMD.com as larger companies , and Sophrona Solutions and Cerner Powerworks as smaller players .
Examples of patient portal companies include OptumHealth Sophrona Solutions [ http://www.sophrona.com , and Cerner Powerworks .	Examples of patient portal companies include Medseek OptumHealth [ http://www . OptumHealth.com , Sophrona Solutions and Cerner Powerworks .
Examples of patient portal companies include MEDSEEK OptumHealth [ http://www . OptumHealth.com , Sophrona Solutions and Cerner Powerworks .	Examples of patient portal companies include MEDSEEK OptumHealth [ http://www . OptumHealth.com , Sophrona Solutions Avancecare [ http://www.avancecare.com/patientportal.aspand Cerner Powerworks .
Examples of patient portal companies include Geonetric MEDSEEK [ http://www.medseek.com , OptumHealth Sophrona Solutions [ http://www.sophrona.com , Avancecare Cerner Powerworks .	Examples of patient portal companies include Geonetric MEDSEEK [ http://www.medseek.com , OptumHealth CareTech Solutions [ http://www.caretechsolutions.com,Sophrona Solutions Avancecare [ http://www.avancecare.com/patientportal.aspand Cerner Powerworks .
The financial industry has been particulary adept at using the Internet to grant indivdual users access to their information .	The financial industry has been particularly adept at using the Internet to grant indivdual users access to their information .
Because the conversion to EMR is typically complex , a likely upshot of the transistion to EMR is a transition first to patient portals followed by a complete conversion to a full blown EMR .	Because the conversion to EMR is typically complex , a likely upshot of the transition to EMR is a transition first to patient portals followed by a complete conversion to a full blown EMR .
Patient Portal	Ask4healthcare Patient Portal
Many portal applications also allow patients to request prescription refills online , order eyeglasses and contacts , access medical records , pay bills , review lab results , and schedule appointments .	Many portal applications also allow patients to request prescription refills online , order eyeglasses and contacts , access medical records , pay bills , review lab results , and schedule necessary medical appointments .
Many organizations find that overall utilization drops when e - visits are implemented , some places by as much as 25 % .	Many organizations find that overall utilization drops when e - visits are implemented , in some places by as much as 25 % .
The lines between a electronic medical record , personal health record , and a patient portal are blurring .	The lines between an electronic medical record , personal health record , and a patient portal are blurring .
For example , Google Health and Microsoft HealthVault , describe themselves as personal health records ( PHRs ) , but can interface with EMRs and communicate via the Continuity of Care Record standard , and expose patient data via the Internet so can be viewed as patient portal .	For example , Google Health and Microsoft HealthVault , describe themselves as personal health records ( PHRs ) , but can interface with EMRs and communicate via the Continuity of Care Record standard , and expose patient data via the Internet so it can be viewed as patient portal .
The financial industry has been particularly adept at using the Internet to grant indivdual users access to personal information .	The financial industry has been particularly adept at using the Internet to grant individual users access to personal information .
Concurrently , personal health record systems are becoming more common and available .	Consequently , personal health record systems are becoming more common and available .
Some vendors , such as Epic Systems and Cerner , offer patient portals as one module of a complete Electronic Health Record ( EHR ) system .	Some vendors , such as Epic Systems , Cerner and Allscripts offer patient portals as one module of a complete Electronic Health Record ( EHR ) system .
Patient Portals are healthcare - related online applications that allow patients to interact and communicate with their healthcare providers , such as physicians and hospitals .	Patient portals are healthcare - related online applications that allow patients to interact and communicate with their healthcare providers , such as physicians and hospitals .
Other portal applications are integrated into the existing website of a healthcare provider .	Other portal applications are integrated into the existing web site of a healthcare provider .
Patient access is typically validated with a username and password .	Patient access is typically validated with a user name and password .
This funding will potentially offset the costs of medical record systems for practicing physicians .	This funding will potentially offset the costs of electronic medical record systems for practicing physicians .
This makes e - visits a very interesting proposition for insurance companies , although few actually reimburse for them currently .	This makes e - visits a very interesting proposition for insurance companies , although few actually re - imburse for them currently .
Recent market surveys have highlighted best of the breed , or applications that excel at one or two functions , are losing ground to portals provided by large vendors .	Recent market surveys have highlighted best of breed , or applications that excel at one or two functions , are losing ground to portals provided by large vendors .
If a patient uses more than one organization for healthcare , the patient normally needs to log on to each organization ’s portal to access information .	If a patient uses more than one organization for healthcare , the patient normally needs to log on to each organization 's portal to access information .
I joined Wikipedia : Wikiproject Spongebob Squarepants on December 31 , 2007 .	I joined on December 31 , 2007 .
Final Stats	Final and Stats
Mrkovići is village in Centar municipality , in Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .	Mrkovići is a village in Centar municipality , in Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Will Whitehorn ( born in Edinburgh , Scotland ) is the President of Virgin Galactic , a company which plans to offer space tourism flights to the paying public .	Will Whitehorn ( born 1960 ) is the President of Virgin Galactic , a company which plans to offer space tourism flights to the paying public .
Will Whitehorn ( born 1960 ) is the President of Virgin Galactic , a company which plans to offer space tourism flights to the paying public .	Will Whitehorn ( born 1960 ) was the President of Virgin Galactic , a company which plans to offer space tourism flights to the paying public .
In 1987 , Whitehorn joined the Virgin Group after being tlent spotted by Sir Richard Branson .	In 1987 , Whitehorn joined the Virgin Group after being talent spotted by Sir Richard Branson .
In that role , where he is effectively the official spokesperson for the company , he has been characterized as Richard Branson 's " right - hand man " .	In that role , where he was effectively the official spokesperson for the company , he was sometimes characterized as Richard Branson 's " right - hand man " .
He was also an air cadet in his teen years .	He was also an air cadet in his teenage years .
All of California 's prisons are public and are financed by the Public Works Department and operated by the California Department of Corrections .	All of California 's prisons are public and are financed by the Public Works Department and operated by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation .
In response to the increasing crime rate the citizens of California passed the three strikes law .	In response to the increasing crime rate the citizens of California passed the Three Strikes Law .
To accommodate the population growth the state of California built 23 new prisons at cost of 280 million to 350 million dollars apiece .	To accommodate this population growth , the state of California built 23 new prisons at a cost of 280 million to 350 million dollars apiece .
All of California 's prisons are public and are financed by the Public Works Department and operated by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation .	California 's prisons are public and are financed by the Public Works Department and operated by the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation .
Most prisoners come from the state 's urban cores , in particular Los Angeles and the surrounding southern counties .	Most prisoners come from California 's urban streets , in particular Los Angeles and surrounding southern counties .
By building more prisons , stablility is assumed to be achieved .	By building more prisons , stability is assumed to be achieved .
However , prison growth is usually closely associated with two major upheavals - the rise of the word ' freedom ' to stand in for what 's desirable and the rise of civic activists to stand up for who 's disposessed .	However , prison growth is usually closely associated with two major upheavals - the rise of the word ' freedom ' to stand in for what 's desirable and the rise of civic activists to stand up for who 's dispossessed .
In response to the increasing crime rate the citizens of California passed the Three Strikes Law .	In response to the perceived increasing crime rate the citizens of California passed the Three Strikes Law .
To accommodate this population growth and the war on crime , the state of California built 23 new prisons at a cost of 280 million to 350 million dollars apiece .	To accommodate this population growth and the war on crime , the state of California built 23 new prisons at a cost of 280 million to 350 million dollars a piece .
The state funds the prison systems annual costs .	The state funds the prison system 's annual costs .
One explanation for the growth is perceived drug epidemic in the late 1970s and early 1980s and the presumed threat to public safety .	One is the perceived drug epidemic in the late 1970s and early 1980s , and the presumed consequent threat to public safety .
It has been argued that the prison growth was a method to remove people of color from California 's communities .	It has been argued that prison growth was a method to remove people of color from California 's communities .
The largest racial group in California prisons was Whites from 1980 to 1986 , Blacks from 1986 to 1992 , and Hispanics from 1992 to the present .	The largest racial group in California prisons was whites from 1980 to 1986 , blacks from 1986 to 1992 , and Hispanics from 1992 to the present .
The increase in prisons has led to job opportunities for communities for which prisons are located .	The increase in prisons has led to job opportunities for communities in which prisons are located .
The goods produced by the inmates are available for local , State , and Federal governmental agencies .	The goods produced by the inmates are available for local , state , and federal governmental agencies .
Supposedly , prisons are to produce stability in the community .	Supposedly , prisons produce stability in the community .
The four justifications of imprisonment are retribution , deterrence , rehabilitation , and incapacitation .	The four justifications for imprisonment are retribution , deterrence , rehabilitation , and incapacitation .
Deterrence is a concept that there will be fewer crimes if prisons are portrayed as being degrading and harsh .	Deterrence is the concept that there will be fewer crimes if prisons are portrayed as being degrading and harsh .
Incapacitation simply states that if criminals are behind bars they will be unable to commit other crimes .	Incapacitation is simply the idea that if criminals are behind bars , they will be unable to commit other crimes .
Journal of Social Issues Review .	Journal of Social Issues .
Vincent Rue , Ph . D ..	Vincent Rue .
Please back off a little and work cooperatively with other editors .	Please back off a little and attempt to work cooperatively with others .
Although everyone is welcome to make constructive contributions to Wikipedia , at least one of your recent edits , such as the one you made to : Glenn Quagmire , did not appear to be constructive and has been automatically by .	Although everyone is welcome to make constructive contributions to Wikipedia , at least one of your recent edits , such as the one you made to : Jefferson High School ( West Virginia ) , did not appear to be constructive and has been automatically by .
Awards and Honors .	Awards and honors .
When her husband went off to fight in the Vietnam War while she was pregnant is when she was allowed the time and focus to write her first play .	When her husband went off to fight in the Vietnam War while she was pregnant was when she was allowed the time and focus to write her first play .
She currently letures at Yale University , Princeton University , University of California Berkeley and University of California Davis .	She currently lectures at Yale University , Princeton University , University of California , Berkeley and University of California , Davis .
It was plays such as this that inspired Adrienne to explore her passions for playwriting .	It was plays such as this that inspired Kennedy to explore her passions for playwriting .
Also published in 1992 was a letter written from Suzanne Alexander 's perspective , " Letter to My Students on My Sixty - First Birthday by Suzanne Alexander " .	Also published in 1992 was a letter written from Suzanne Alexander 's perspective , " Letter to My Students on My Sixty - First Birthday by Suzanne Alexander . "
Kennedy has taught or lectured at Yale University ( 1972 - 1974 ) , Princeton University ( 1977 ) , Brown University ( 1979 - 1980),University of California , Berkeley ( 1986 ) , Harvard University ( 1991)and University of California , Davis .	Kennedy has taught or lectured at Yale University ( 1972 - 1974 ) , Princeton University ( 1977 ) , Brown University ( 1979 - 1980 ) , University of California , Berkeley ( 1986 ) , Harvard University ( 1991)and University of California , Davis .
In 2003 , Ms. Kennedy was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Literature by her undergraduate alma mater , the Ohio State University .	In 2003 , Kennedy was awarded an honorary Doctorate of Literature by her undergraduate alma mater , the Ohio State University .
Exploring the violence racism visits upon people ’s lives , Kennedy ’s plays express poetic alienation , transcending the particulars of character and plot through ritualistic repetition and radical structural experimentation .	Exploring the violence racism visits upon people 's lives , Kennedy 's plays express poetic alienation , transcending the particulars of character and plot through ritualistic repetition and radical structural experimentation .
Kennedy 's first produced play was " Funnyhouse of a Negro " , a one - act play written in 1960 that draws on Kennedy ’s African and European heritage as she explores a " black woman ’s psyche , riven by personal and inherited psychosis , at the root of which is the ambiguously double failure of both rapacious white society and its burdened yet also distorted victims . "	Kennedy 's first produced play was " Funnyhouse of a Negro " , a one - act play written in 1960 that draws on Kennedy 's African and European heritage as she explores a " black woman 's psyche , riven by personal and inherited psychosis , at the root of which is the ambiguously double failure of both rapacious white society and its burdened yet also distorted victims . "
Kennedy was a founding member of the Women ’s Theatre Council in 1971,a member of the board of directors of PEN ( 1976–77 ) , and International Theatre Institute representative in Budapest in 1978 .	Kennedy was a founding member of the Women 's Theatre Council in 1971,a member of the board of directors of PEN ( 1976–77 ) , and International Theatre Institute representative in Budapest in 1978 .
Adrienne Kennedy was born Adrienne Lita Hawkins on September 13 , 1931 , in Pittsburgh , PA .	Adrienne Kennedy was born Adrienne Lita Hawkins on September 13 , 1931 , in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
She spent most of her childhood in Cleveland , Ohio , attending Cleveland Public schools .	She spent most of her childhood in Cleveland , Ohio , attending Cleveland public schools .
She grew up in an integrated neighborhood and did n’t face many prejudices until her college years at Ohio State University .	She grew up in an integrated neighborhood and did n’t experience much racism until attending college at Ohio State University .
Kennedy was a founding member of the Women 's Theatre Council in 1971,a member of the board of directors of PEN ( 1976–77 ) , and International Theatre Institute representative in Budapest in 1978 .	Kennedy was a founding member of the Women 's Theatre Council in 1971 , a member of the board of directors of PEN in 1976–77 , and an International Theatre Institute representative in Budapest in 1978 .
In 1969 , " New York Times " critic Clive Barnes wrote , " While almost every black playwright in the country is fundamentally concerned with realism — LeRoi Jones and Ed Bullins at times have something different going but even their symbolism is straightforward stuff — Miss Kennedy is weaving some kind of dramatic fabric of poetry . "	In 1969 , " The New York Times " critic Clive Barnes wrote , " While almost every black playwright in the country is fundamentally concerned with realism — LeRoi Jones and Ed Bullins at times have something different going but even their symbolism is straightforward stuff — Miss Kennedy is weaving some kind of dramatic fabric of poetry . "
In 2018 she inducted into the Theater Hall of Fame .	In 2018 she was inducted into the Theater Hall of Fame .
The Coacăza River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Coacăza River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
Means of Support :	Means of support .
In September of 2000 Radio Nueva Vida began broadcasting in Los Angeles and Orange Counties , the number one Hispanic market in the United States , on KLTX 1390 AM .	In September 2000 Radio Nueva Vida began broadcasting in Los Angeles and Orange Counties , the number one Hispanic market in the United States , on KLTX 1390 AM .
In 1996 additional full - service stations were added to the network to serve Bakersfield and Kern County on KGZO 90.9 FM and Fresno and surrounding Counties on KEYQ 980 AM .	In 1996 additional full - service stations were added to the network to serve Bakersfield and Kern County on 90.9 FM and Fresno and surrounding Counties on [ KEYQ 980 AM .
Later followed KEZY 1240 AM which covers San Bernardino and Riverside , and then San Diego and Tijuana , B.C.	Later followed 1240 AM which covers San Bernardino and Riverside , and then San Diego and Tijuana , B.C.
Radio Nueva Vida produces a Spanish - Christian format of music and talk .	Radio Nueva Vida 's programming is Spanish - Christian format of music and talk .
Later followed 1240 AM which covers San Bernardino and Riverside , and then San Diego and Tijuana , B.C.	Later followed KEZY 1240 AM which covers San Bernardino and Riverside , and then San Diego and Tijuana , B.C.
It is owned and operated by The Association for Community Education , Inc. a California non - profit 501 ( c ) 3 organizations established in 1981 .	It is owned and operated by The Association for Community Education , Inc. a California non - profit 501 ( c ) 3 organization established in 1981 .
In 1996 additional full - service stations were added to the network to serve Bakersfield and Kern County on 90.9 FM and Fresno and surrounding Counties on [ KEYQ 980 AM .	In 1996 additional full - service stations were added to the network to serve Bakersfield and Kern County ( KGZO 90.9 FM ) and Fresno and surrounding counties ( KEYQ 980 AM ) .
They were KLTX 1390AM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130AM ( San Diego ) .	They were KLTX 93.5 FM ( Redondo Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130AM ( San Diego ) .
They were KLTX 1390AM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130AM ( San Diego ) .	They were KLTX 1580 AM ( Santa Monica / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130AM ( San Diego ) .
They were KLTX 93.5 FM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .	They were KLTX 1390AM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .
They were KLTX 1390 AM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .	They were KLTX 90.3 FM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .
They were KLTX 90.3 FM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .	They were KLTX 1390 AM ( Long Beach / Los Angeles area ) , KEZY 1240 AM ( Riverside / San Bernardino and the Inland Empire ) , and KSDO 1130 AM ( San Diego ) .
Radio Nueva Vida ( " New Life " ) is a Spanish - Christian radio network located in California , United States .	Radio Nueva Vida ( " New Life " ) is a Spanish - language Christian radio network based in Camarillo , California , United States .
After the Educational Media Foundation discontinued its affiliation with God 's Country Radio Network in November 2010 , EMF switched most of those stations to Radio Nueva Vida .	After Educational Media Foundation ( EMF ) discontinued its affiliation with God 's Country Radio Network in November 2010 , EMF switched most of those stations to Radio Nueva Vida .
Programming & Publication .	Programming and publication .
Station List .	Station list .
2000 and 2001 , Nueva Vida underwent a major expansion broadcasting in three full - power AM stations , all in California , that had been broadcasting in English .	In 2000 and 2001 , Nueva Vida underwent a major expansion , broadcasting on three full - power AM stations , all in California , that had been broadcasting in English .
Unlike the majority of Nueva Vida 's stations which are licensed as non - commercial educational , the new stations have commercial licenses , held by a for - profit arm of the organization , which allow them to accept advertisements in order to help pay the cost of operation .	Unlike the majority of Nueva Vida 's stations , which are licensed as non - commercial educational , the new stations were commercial licenses , held by a for - profit arm of the organization , which allowed them to accept advertisements in order to help pay the cost of operation .
Gavin may have been a non - entity while at school at St Micks in Auchenlea but now he 's made his fortune , he 's looking forward to lording it over his old classmates , especially now he 's having an affair with Catherine O'Rourke , PR specialist and one - time pin - up for his male classmates at St Michael 's .	Gavin may have been a non - entity while at school in Auchenlea but now he 's made his fortune , he 's looking forward to lording it over his old classmates , especially now he 's having an affair with Catherine O'Rourke , PR specialist and one - time pin - up for his male classmates at St Michael 's .
Meanwhile Gavin 's wife , who as ' Simone Draper ' reamins much more menorable to those from Auchenlea than her husband , is fed up with his filandering and aims to use the evening to publically embarass Gavin by announcing her plans to take the twins and leave him .	Meanwhile Gavin 's wife , who as ' Simone Draper ' reamins much more memorable to those from Auchenlea than her husband , is fed up with his filandering and aims to use the evening to publically embarass Gavin by announcing her plans to take the twins and leave him .
Meanwhile Gavin 's wife , who as ' Simone Draper ' remains much more memorable to those from Auchenlea than her husband , is fed up with his filandering and aims to use the evening to publicly embarrass Gavin by announcing her plans to take the twins and leave him .	Meanwhile Gavin 's wife , who as ' Simone Draper ' remains much more memorable to those from Auchenlea than her husband , is fed up with his philandering and aims to use the evening to publicly embarrass Gavin by announcing her plans to take the twins and leave him .
Plot Summary .	Plot summary .
The Manoli River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Manoli River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
( with regard to your edit to Belinda Stronch ) .	( with regard to your edit to Belinda Stronach ) .
The Ruja River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Ruja River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Ruja River is a left tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Ruja River is a left tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .
The album is intended as a soundtrack to the unreleased film " Experience " documenting The Jimi Hendrix Experience 's performance at the Royal Albert Hall on February 24 , 1969 .	The album was promoted as a soundtrack to the unreleased film " Experience " documenting The Jimi Hendrix Experience 's performance at the Royal Albert Hall on February 24 , 1969 .
Note the support band that evening was Mason , Capaldi , Wood & Frog .	the support band that evening was Mason , Capaldi , Wood & Frog .
The 1960 Master Plan for Higher Education recognized that critical to the success of the California 's tripartite system of public higher education was a central body responsible for coordination and planning for higher education .	The California 1960 Master Plan for Higher Education recognized that critical to the success of the California 's tripartite system of public higher education was a central body responsible for coordination and planning for higher education .
The California 1960 California Master Plan for Higher Education recognized that critical to the success of the California 's tripartite system of public higher education was a central body responsible for coordination and planning for higher education .	The 1960 California Master Plan for Higher Education recognized that critical to the success of the California 's tripartite system of public higher education was a central body responsible for coordination and planning for higher education .
The California Postsecondary Education Commission ( CPEC ) is the higher education planning and coordinating agency of the government of the U.S. state of California .	The California Postsecondary Education Commission ( CPEC ) was the higher education planning and coordinating agency of the government of the U.S. state of California .
The Commission consists of 16 members , nine of whom represent the general public , five who represent the major systems of California education ( the California Community Colleges , the California State University , the University of California , the independent colleges and universities , and the State Board of Education ) , and two student representatives .	The Commission consisted of 16 members , nine of whom represent the general public , five who represent the major systems of California education ( the California Community Colleges , the California State University , the University of California , the independent colleges and universities , and the State Board of Education ) , and two student representatives .
The Commission appoints its executive director who coordinates the agency 's staff to carry out the day to day work of the Commission .	The Commission appointed its executive director who coordinates the agency 's staff to carry out the day to day work of the Commission .
Its external affairs staff interacts on a daily basis with legislators and their staff , administrative offices , governmental officials , and media representatives .	Its external affairs staff interacted on a daily basis with legislators and their staff , administrative offices , governmental officials , and media representatives .
They also engage in various continuing activities such as reviewing proposed academic programs , new campuses or centers , conducting data analysis of student flow , and responding to requests of the Legislature and Governor .	They also engaged in various continuing activities such as reviewing proposed academic programs , new campuses or centers , conducting data analysis of student flow , and responding to requests of the Legislature and Governor .
Among the duties and responsibilities of the Commission are the following :	Among the duties and responsibilities of the Commission were the following :
Pugin 's second wife dies in 1844 and it was only after his third marriage to Jane Knill in 1848 that it became a family home .	Pugin 's second wife died in 1844 and it was only after his third marriage to Jane Knill in 1848 that it became a family home .
He is buried in the impressive Pugin chantry chapel in St Augustine 's Church St Augustine 's Church , next to the house , which was also designed by him and completed by his eldest son , Edward Pugin , who was also an architect .	He is buried in the impressive Pugin chantry chapel in St Augustine 's Church , next to the house , which was also designed by him and completed by his eldest son , Edward Pugin , who was also an architect .
The Grange ( aka St Augustine 's Grange ) in Ramsgate , Kent , on the coast in southern England was the home of the Victorian architect and designer August Pugin .	The Grange ( aka St Augustine 's Grange ) in Ramsgate , Kent , on the coast in southern England was the home of the Victorian architect and designer Augustus Pugin .
He designed it in the Victorian Gothic style	He designed it in the Gothic Revival style
The Zemeş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Zemeş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Zemeş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Zemeș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Zemeș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Zemeș River is a right tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
The Zemeș River is a right tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .	The Zemeș is a right tributary of the river Tazlăul Sărat in Romania .
Poljine is village in Centar municipality , in town of Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .	Poljine is a village in Centar municipality , in town of Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
About 1760 Tilghman moved to Philadelphia , where he held many positions of public service , including Secretary of the Land Office of Pennsylvania ( appointed by John Penn in 1765 ) , Philadelphia City Councilman ( 1764 ) , and Member of the Pennsylvania Provincial Council ( 1767 ) .	About 1760 Tilghman moved to Philadelphia , where he held many positions of public service , including Secretary of the Land Office of Pennsylvania ( appointed by John Penn in 1765 ) , Philadelphia City Councilman ( 1764 ) , and member of the Pennsylvania Provincial Council ( 1767 ) .
while he called for a repeal of the Acts of Parliament so abhorred by colonists , he at the same time denounced the Boston Tea Party .	while he called for a repeal of the Intolerable Acts , which so abhorred by colonists , he at the same time denounced the Boston Tea Party .
while he called for a repeal of the Intolerable Acts , which so abhorred by colonists , he at the same time denounced the Boston Tea Party .	while he called for a repeal of the Intolerable Acts , which was so abhorred by colonists , he at the same time denounced the Boston Tea Party .
Tilghman 's yougest brother was Matthew Tilghman , a delegate to the First and Second Continental Congresses .	Tilghman 's youngest brother was Matthew Tilghman , a delegate to the First and Second Continental Congresses .
Tilghman died at his family home in Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland , in 1793 .	James Tilghman died at his family home in Chestertown , Kent County , Maryland , in 1793 .
Found at http://www.amazon.com/Little-Willies/dp/B000E6UJXS/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1195511926&sr=8-1 .	Found at https://www.amazon.com/Little-Willies/dp/B000E6UJXS/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1195511926&sr=8-1 .
Rabbi Menachem Mendel Futerfas , or Reb Mendel as was commonly known , was a famous Orthodox Jewish Rabbi .	Rabbi Menachem Mendel Futerfas , or Reb Mendel as he was commonly known , was a famous Orthodox Jewish Rabbi .
He passed away on the 4th of Tammuz 5755 .	He died on the 4th of Tammuz 5755 .
Reb Mendel operated clandestine Jewish cheders in the USSR , for which he was incarcerated for 14 years in Siberian gulags .	Futerfas operated clandestine Jewish cheders in the USSR , for which he was incarcerated for 14 years in Siberian gulags .
After leaving Russia , the Lubavitcher Rebbe , Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson , instructed him to serve as " Mashpia " in the Yeshiva of Tomchei Temimim in Kfar Chabad , in the Land of Israel .	After leaving Russia , the Lubavitcher Rebbe , Menachem Mendel Schneerson , instructed him to serve as " Mashpia " in the Yeshiva of Tomchei Temimim in Kfar Chabad , in Israel .
Reb Mendel learned from this that sometimes we go looking far and long , when we have what we want in our own pocket .	Futerfas learned from this that sometimes we go looking far and long , when we have what we want in our own pocket .
Rabbi Menachem Mendel Futerfas ( 1906–1995 ) , known informally as Reb Mendel , was a famous Chabad " Mashpia " .	Rabbi Menachem Mendel Futerfas ( 1906–1995 ) , known informally as Reb Mendel , was a famous Chabad " Mashpia " and Chossid .
He makes his confession at the Cathedral only for it to be over run by Al Qaeda .	He makes his confession at the Catholic Church only for it to be over run by Al Qaeda .
He makes his confession at the Catholic Church only for it to be over run by Al Qaeda .	He makes his confession at the Cathedral only for it to be over run by Al Qaeda .
Hunter returned for the expansion pack Apocalypse Weekendwhich was released in 2005 and included some small redesigns of Postal Dude .	Hunter returned for the expansion pack Apocalypse Weekend which was released in 2005 and included some small redesigns of Postal Dude .
Postal Dudes family mostly makes up of Postal Dude 's Bitch and his Uncle Dave who has a compound outside of Paradise .	Postal Dudes family is made up of Postal Dude 's Bitch and his Uncle Dave who has a compound outside of Paradise .
Zack Ward is portraying Postal Dude in " Postal " .	Zack Ward portrays Postal Dude in " Postal " .
The Postal Dude , Jr. also known as Postal Dude is the main character in the video game series " Postal " as well as the film " Postal " .	Postal Dude , Jr. also known as the postal dude is the main character in the video game series " Postal " as well as the film " Postal " .
In enzymology , a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha - trihydroxy-5beta - cholest-24-enoyl - CoA ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction	In enzymology , a 3alpha,7alpha,12alpha - trihydroxy-5beta - cholest-24-enoyl - CoA hydratase ( ) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
The systematic name of this enzyme class is ( 24R,25R)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha,24-tetrahydroxy-5beta - cholestanoyl - C oA hydro - lyase [ ( 24E)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha - trihydroxy-5beta - cholest-24-enoyl - CoA - f orming ] .	The systematic name of this enzyme class is ( 24R,25R)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha,24-tetrahydroxy-5beta - cholestanoyl - CoA hydro - lyase [ ( 24E)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha - trihydroxy-5beta - cholest-24-enoyl - CoA - forming ] .
Other names in common use include hydratase , 46 kDa hydratase 2 , ( 24R,25R)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha,24-tetrahydroxy-5beta - cholestanoyl- , and CoA hydro - lyase .	Other names in common use include 46 kDa hydratase 2 , and ( 24R,25R)-3alpha,7alpha,12alpha,24-tetrahydroxy-5beta - cholestanoyl - CoA hydro - lyase .
North of the Souris basin , an arm of this lake extended along the Assiniboine River from Griswold and Oak Lake to some distance above the mouth of the Qu'Appelle	North of the Souris basin , an arm of this lake extended along the Assiniboine River from Griswold and Oak Lake to some distance above the mouth of the Qu'Appelle River in Saskatchewan
He was born on Saint John 's Island ( later Prince Edward Island ) , the son of John Macdonald and Margaret , the daughter of Captain John MacDonald of Glenaladale .	He was born in West River , Saint John 's Island ( later Prince Edward Island ) , the son of John Macdonald and Margaret , the daughter of Captain John MacDonald of Glenaladale .
Madonald married Isabella McDonald .	Macdonald married Isabella McDonald .
Radava is a township in the Centar municipality , part of the city , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .	Radava is a township in the Centar municipality , part of the city Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Following Vanuatu 's 1980 independence , she became the first woman elected to Parliament , in 1987 .	Following Vanuatu 's 1980 independence , she became one of the first two women elected to Parliament , in 1987 .
Motarilavoa Hilda Lini is a chief of the Turaga nation of Pentecost Island in Vanuatu in the South Pacific , who has been associated with the nuclear - free Pacific movement , women ’s rights , indigenous rights , and environmental issues .	Motarilavoa Hilda Lin̄i is a chief of the Turaga nation of Pentecost Island in Vanuatu in the South Pacific , who has been associated with the nuclear - free Pacific movement , women 's rights , indigenous rights , and environmental issues .
The Ariniş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .	The Ariniș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania .
She will begin her run on July 22 , 2008 qnd will co - star opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a ruuner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .	She will begin her run on July 22 , 2008 and will co - star opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a ruuner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .
She will begin her run on July 22 , 2008 and will co - star opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a ruuner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .	She will begin her run on July 22 , 2008 and will co - star opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a runner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .
She will begin her run on July 22 , 2008 and will co - star opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a runner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .	She began her run on July 22 , 2008 and is co - starring opposite Derek Keeling as Danny who was also a runner - up on " Grease : You 're the One that I Want " .
She played her final performance as Amber on July 13 , 2008 and was succeded by Aubrey O'Day .	She played her final performance as Amber on July 13 , 2008 and was succeeded by Aubrey O'Day .
She began her run on July 22 , 2008 , and is co - starring opposite Derek Keeling as Danny .	She began her run on July 22 , 2008 , and co - starred opposite Derek Keeling as Danny .
Ashley will play the role of Eponine in " Les Miserables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which will run July 7 - 19 2009 .	Spencer will play the role of Eponine in " Les Miserables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which will run July 7 - 19 2009 .
Spencer will play the role of Eponine in " Les Miserables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which will run July 7 - 19 2009 .	Spencer is currently playing the role of Eponine in " Les Miserables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which is running July 7 - 19 2009 .
She recently reprised the role of Amber in the The Muny production of " Hairspray " in St. Louis which ran from August 3 - 9 , 2009 .	She reprised the role of Amber in the The Muny production of " Hairspray " in St. Louis which ran from August 3 - 9 , 2009 .
" Regional Work " .	Regional work .
Spencer recently played the role of Éponine in " Les Misérables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which ran from July 7 - 19 2009 .	Spencer played the role of Éponine in " Les Misérables " at the Pittsburgh Civic Light Opera which ran from July 7 - 19 2009 .
The show will have a pre - Broadway tryout beginning October 12 , 2010 at the Princess of Wales Theatre in Toronto .	The show will also have a pre - Broadway tryout beginning October 12 , 2010 at the Princess of Wales Theatre in Toronto .
In April,2011 she got engaged to Newsies : The Musical and Bonnie And Clyde : The Musical actor Jeremy Jordan .	In April,2011 she got engaged to Newsies : The Musical and Bonnie And Clyde(musical ) actor Jeremy Jordan .
She will reprised her role at The Pittsburgh CLO production of Hairspray , which ran from July 20 , 2010 till Aug. 1 , 2010 .	She reprised her role at Pittsburgh CLO 's production of Hairspray , which ran from July 20 , 2010 to August 1 , 2010 .
Spencer is currently playing one of the Divas in the Broadway production of " Priscilla , Queen Of The Desert " , which opened in March 2011 at the Palace Theatre .	Spencer is recently played one of the Divas in the Broadway production of " Priscilla , Queen Of The Desert " , which opened in March 2011 at the Palace Theatre .
She will take over the role of Sherrie in the Broadway production of " Rock of Ages " from Emily Padgett on May 10 , 2012 .	She recently took over the role of Sherrie in the Broadway production of " Rock of Ages " from Emily Padgett on May 10 , 2012 .
She is married to fellow stage actor Jeremy Jordan , who created the roles of Jack Kelly in Disney 's " Newsies " , as well as Clyde Barrow in " Bonnie and Clyde "	She is married to fellow stage actor Jeremy Jordan , who created the roles of Jack Kelly in Disney 's " Newsies " , Clyde Barrow in " Bonnie and Clyde , and Joyful Noise .
She reprised her role at Pittsburgh CLO 's production of Hairspray , which ran from July 20 , 2010 to August 1 , 2010 .	She played the role again at Pittsburgh CLO 's production of Hairspray , which ran from July 20 , 2010 to August 1 , 2010 .
She recently returned to Pittsburgh CLO to play the role of Niki Harris in " Curtains " from June 22–27 , 2010 .	She returned to Pittsburgh CLO in 2010 to play the role of Niki Harris in " Curtains " from June 22–27 , 2010 .
Ashley Spencer , an Ohio native , was a contestant on NBC 's show " " .	Ashley Spencer , a Canton , Ohio native , was a contestant on NBC 's show " " .
She would also reprise her role of Amber in the 2009 Summer production of ' Hairspray ' at The St. Louis Muny .	She also reprised her role of Amber in the 2009 Summer production of " Hairspray " at The St. Louis Muny .
She is married to fellow stage actor Jeremy Jordan .	She is married to fellow actor Jeremy Jordan .
She reprised the role of Amber in the The Muny production of " Hairspray " in St. Louis which ran from August 3–9 , 2009 .	She reprised the role of Amber in The Muny production of " Hairspray " in St. Louis which ran from August 3–9 , 2009 .
She took over the role of Sherrie in the Broadway production of " Rock of Ages " from Emily Padgett on May 10 , 2012 , and was succeeded by fellow " You 're The One That I Want " contestant Kate Rockwell in January of 2013 .	She took over the role of Sherrie in the Broadway production of " Rock of Ages " from Emily Padgett on May 10 , 2012 , and was succeeded by fellow " You 're The One That I Want " contestant Kate Rockwell in January 2013 .
From November 7 , 2017 to Jan 14 , 2018 Spencer held the roll of Polly in Crazy for You ( musical ) at Signature Theatre ( Arlington , Virginia ) .	From November 7 , 2017 to Jan 14 , 2018 Spencer held the role of Polly in Crazy for You ( musical ) at Signature Theatre ( Arlington , Virginia ) .
Ashley Spencer ( born March 8 , 1985 in Canton , Ohio ) was a contestant on NBC 's show " " She was the understudy for Barbie in the " Barbie in Fairytopia " tour , in which she sang and danced ballet .	Ashley Spencer ( born March 8 , 1985 ) was a contestant on NBC 's show " " She was the understudy for Barbie in the " Barbie in Fairytopia " tour , in which she sang and danced ballet .
They have a child together , born 22 April , 2019 .	They have a child together , born April 22 , 2019 .
Vića is village in Centar municipality , in town of Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .	Vića is a village in Centar municipality , in town of Sarajevo , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Hardwired could refer to :	Hardwired may refer to :
Construction of the Al Salam Tecom Tower is expected to be completed in 2008 .	Construction of the Al Salam Tecom Tower was completed in 2008 .
Parasitic load is a term used with regard to electrical appliances and with railroad trains .	Parasitic load is a term used with regard to electrical appliances and railway locomotives .
With regard to railway locomotives , it is any of the loads or devices powered by the diesel prime mover not contributing to tractive effort , such as air compressor , traction motor blower , or radiator fans .	With regard to railway locomotives , it is any of the loads or devices powered by the prime mover not contributing to tractive effort , such as air compressor , traction motor blower , or radiator fans .
With regard to railway locomotives , it is any of the loads or devices powered by the prime mover not contributing to tractive effort , such as air compressor , traction motor blower , or radiator fans .	With regard to railway locomotives , it is any of the loads or devices powered by the prime mover not contributing to tractive effort , such as an air compressor , traction motor blower , or radiator fans .
The power that the supercharger consumes is parasitic loss and is usually expressed in horsepower ( HP ) .	The power that the supercharger consumes is parasitic loss and is usually expressed in kilowatt or horsepower .
While the HP that the supercharger consumes in comparison to what it generates is small , it is still measurable or calculable .	While the power that the supercharger consumes in comparison to what it generates is small , it is still measurable or calculable .
It was constructed by Aérospatiale , based on the Spacebus 100 satelite bus , and carries 2 NATO E / F - band ( IEEE S band ) and 25 NATO G / H - Band ( IEEE C band ) transponders .	It was constructed by Aérospatiale , based on the Spacebus 100 satellite bus , and carries 2 NATO E / F - band ( IEEE S band ) and 25 NATO G / H - Band ( IEEE C band ) transponders .
It was placed into a geosynchrnous orbit at a longitude of 19 ° East .	It was placed into a geosynchronous orbit at a longitude of 19 ° East .
Comparative advertisements could be either indirectly or directly comparative , positive or negative , and seeks “ to associate or differenetiate the two competing brands ” .	Comparative advertisements could be either indirectly or directly comparative , positive or negative , and seeks “ to associate or differentiate the two competing brands ” .
In Argentina , there is no specific statute dealing with comparative advertising ( so it is not forbiden ) , but there are clear jurisprudential rules based on unfair competition law .	In Argentina , there is no specific statute dealing with comparative advertising ( so it is not forbidden ) , but there are clear jurisprudential rules based on unfair competition law .
Asia – Hong Kong .	Hong Kong .
The campaign was titled " Bing it On " .	The campaign was titled " Bing It On " .
Numerous cases follow international precedent in referring to the requirements of the E uropean Union Directive on comparative advertising .	Numerous cases follow international precedent in referring to the requirements of the European Union Directive on comparative advertising .
Comparative advertising or advertsing war is an advertisement in which a particular product , or service , specifically mentions a competitor by name for the express purpose of showing why the competitor is inferior to the product naming it .	Comparative advertising or advertising war is an advertisement in which a particular product , or service , specifically mentions a competitor by name for the express purpose of showing why the competitor is inferior to the product naming it .
Also referred to as " knocking copy " , it is loosely defined as advertising where “ the advertised brand is explicitly compared with one or more competing brands and the comparison is oblivious to the audience . ”	Also referred to as " knocking copy " , it is loosely defined as advertising where “ the advertised brand is explicitly compared with one or more competing brands and the comparison is obvious to the audience . ”
The earliest case concerning comparative advertising dates back to 1910 in United States – Saxlehner v Wagner .	The earliest court case concerning comparative advertising dates back to 1910 in the United States – Saxlehner v Wagner .
The relevant provisions are now contained in Directive ( EC ) 2006/114 .	The relevant provisions are now contained in Directive 2006/114/EC .
In contrast , in L'Oréal and others v. Bellure , the CJEU held that smell - alike perfumes marketed through comparison lists breached this condition .	In contrast , in L'Oréal and others v. Bellure , the Court of Justice held that smell - alike perfumes marketed through comparison lists breached this condition .
Historically , most European countries had severely limited comparative claims as an advertising practice .	Historically , most European countries have severely limited comparative claims as an advertising practice .
In the UK , most of the use of competitor ’s registered trademark in a comparative advertisement was an infringement of the registration up till the end of 1994 .	In the UK , most of the use of competitor 's registered trademark in a comparative advertisement was an infringement of the registration up till the end of 1994 .
The European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) held that there could have been a trademark infringement when a comparative advertiser used the registered trademark for the advertiser ’s own goods and services .	The European Court of Justice ( ECJ ) held that there could have been a trademark infringement when a comparative advertiser used the registered trademark for the advertiser 's own goods and services .
It was also held that a trademark proprietor could not prevent a competitor ’s use of a sign similar or identical to his mark in a comparative advertisement , which satisfies all the conditions of the Comparative Advertising Directive .	It was also held that a trademark proprietor could not prevent a competitor 's use of a sign similar or identical to his mark in a comparative advertisement , which satisfies all the conditions of the Comparative Advertising Directive .
Its primary purpose shall be the clarification or consumer ’s protection	Its primary purpose shall be the clarification or consumer 's protection
there shall be no confusion between the products and competitor ’s brands	there shall be no confusion between the products and competitor 's brands
there shall be no unfair competition , denigration of the product ’s image or another company ’s product	there shall be no unfair competition , denigration of the product 's image or another company 's product
On the contrary , such negativity can either be transferred directly to the brand and the consumer ’s impression of the brand , various studies through the years have proven that comparative advertising has been responded to negatively .	On the contrary , such negativity can either be transferred directly to the brand and the consumer 's impression of the brand , various studies through the years have proven that comparative advertising has been responded to negatively .
The use of competitors’ trademarks was no longer restricted for businesses competing within an industry , provided that compliance of the conditions set out in the legislation were performed .	The use of competitors ' trademarks was no longer restricted for businesses competing within an industry , provided that compliance of the conditions set out in the legislation were performed .
Above is sueful for the enxt project you have .	Above is useful for the next project you have .
Ocean Beach .	Cordelia Mendoza .
There are excellent views of the vally along this trail .	There are excellent views of the valley along this trail .
The Seven Sisters , part of the Holyoke Range and located within the Pioneer Valley region of Massachusetts , are a series of basalt ridgeline knobs between Mount Holyoke and Mount Hitchcock ( there are actually more than seven distinct peaks ) .	The Seven Sisters , part of the Holyoke Range and located within the Pioneer Valley region of Massachusetts , United States , are a series of basalt ridgeline knobs between Mount Holyoke and Mount Hitchcock ( there are more than seven distinct peaks ) .
Yellow Dog was a British based rock band from the 1970s .	fuckYellow Dog was a British based rock band from the 1970s .
Western Normal Railroad .	Western State Normal Railroad .
The town is also served by two Michigan state routes : M-43 and M-96 .	The city is also served by two Michigan state highways : M-43 and M-96 .
Much of that , but not all , later became Old U.S. 12—the " old " designation came about when I-94 was built parallel to it — and also was called Red Arrow Highway after a World War I army division .	Much of that , but not all , later became Old US 12—the " old " designation came about when I-94 was built parallel to it — and also was called Red Arrow Highway after a World War I army division .
The name " U.S. 12 " was shifted south to what once was U.S. 112 between Detroit and Chicago .	The US 12 designation was shifted south to what once was US 112 between Detroit and Chicago .
Some parts of Old U.S. 12 outside of town , especially in Van Buren County and Berrien County to the west , are still called Red Arrow Highway .	Some parts of Old US 12 outside of town , especially in Van Buren and Berrien counties to the west , are still called Red Arrow Highway .
Later , in greek mythology , it is	Later , in Greek mythology , it is
Neonaticide is the killing of a neborn within the first 24 hours of life .	Neonaticide is the killing of a newborn within the first 24 hours of life .
Although this tragedy is not uncommon amongst mothers , it is an exceptionally rare event amongst	Although this tragedy is common amongst mothers , it is an exceptionally rare event amongst
The Chinese , as late as the 19th century , sacrificed newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .	The Chinese , as late as the 20th century , despatched newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .
Neonaticide is the killing of a newborn infant less than one month old .	Neonaticide is the killing of a newborn infant less than 24 hours old .
Cross Cultural Aspects .	Cross cultural aspects .
The Chinese , as late as the 20th century , despatched newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .	The Chinese , as late as the 20th century , dispatched newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .
Cross cultural aspects .	Cultural aspects .
In their 1981 paper , reviewed infanticide in Japan and describe the two distinct types of infanticide commonly seen .	In their 1981 paper , Sakuta and Saito reviewed infanticide in Japan and describe the two distinct types of infanticide commonly seen .
The earliest reference to filicide ( the killing of a child by a parent ) is in Greek mythology , In his play , " Medea " , Euripedes portrayed Medea as having killed her two sons after Jason abandoned her for the daughter of the King of Corinth giving us what has been termed the Medea Complex .	The earliest reference to filicide ( the killing of a child by a parent ) is in Greek mythology , In his play , " Medea " , Euripides portrayed Medea as having killed her two sons after Jason abandoned her for the daughter of the King of Corinth giving us what has been termed the Medea Complex .
The earliest reference to filicide ( the killing of a child by a parent ) is in Greek mythology , In his play , " Medea " , Euripides portrayed Medea as having killed her two sons after Jason abandoned her for the daughter of the King of Corinth giving us what has been termed the Medea Complex .	An early reference to filicide ( the killing of a child by a parent ) is in Greek mythology , In his play , " Medea " , Euripides portrayed Medea as having killed her two sons after Jason abandoned her for the daughter of the King of Corinth giving us what has been termed the Medea Complex .
It was not until the 4th century that Christianity , influenced heavily by Judaic law , began to regard filicide as a crime .	It was not until the 4th century that the Roman state , influenced by Christianity , began to regard filicide as a crime .
In the past , Eskimos killed infants with known congenital anomalies and often one of a set of twins .	In the past , Inuit killed infants with known congenital anomalies and often one of a set of twins .
The Chinese , as late as the 20th century , dispatched newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .	The Chinese , as late as the 20th century , killed newborn daughters because they were unable to transmit the family name .
Neonaticide Statistics .	Neonaticide statistics .
However , this i rare seen demographically in developed countries , when it does occur , it is most often the mother that kills the neonate	However , this is rarely seen demographically in developed countries , when it does occur , it is most often the mother that kills the neonate
Infanticide are more commonly done by fathers than mothers but vice versa for neonaticide .	Parental infanticide are more commonly done by fathers than mothers but vice versa for neonaticide .
Parental infanticide are more commonly done by fathers than mothers but vice versa for neonaticide .	Parental infanticide is more commonly committed by fathers than mothers but vice versa for neonaticide .
The opinions of the church in these deaths reflects an awareness of one of society 's first attempts to understand the severe problem of overpopulation and overcrowding .	The opinions of the church in these deaths may reflect an awareness of one of society 's first attempts to understand the severe problem of overpopulation and overcrowding .
This was also reported to be happening as early as 2007 in Victoria , where 52 babies were born alive after failed late - term abortions and were " simply put on a shelf and left to die"This is generally accepted as fitting the definition of infanticide in Victoria and other states .	This was also reported to be happening as early as 2007 in Victoria , where 52 babies were born alive after failed late - term abortions and were " simply put on a shelf and left to die " This is generally accepted as fitting the definition of infanticide in Victoria and other states .
As a noun , the word " neonaticide " may also refer to anyone who practice or who have practiced this .	As a noun , the word " neonaticide " may also refer to anyone who practices or who has practiced this .
They have typically denied and/or concealed the pregnancy since conception .	They have typically denied or concealed the pregnancy since conception .
Bakethin Reservoir is the reservoir immediately upstream of Kielder Water , close to the border between Scotland and Northumberland , in England .	Bakethin Reservoir is a reservoir immediately upstream of Kielder Water , close to the border between Scotland and Northumberland , in England .
Dr Read is a Senior Lecturer in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy .	Dr Read is a Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy .
Dr Rupert Read is a Green Party of England and Wales politician , Reader in philosophy at the University of East Anglia , and Green Party city councillor in Norwich .	Dr Rupert Read is a Green Party of England and Wales politician , Reader in philosophy at the University of East Anglia , and Norwich Green Party city councillor .
Read studied PPE at Balliol College , Oxford , and undertook post graduate study at Princeton and Rutgers ( where he gained his doctorate ) in the United States .	Read studied PPE at Balliol College , Oxford , and undertook postgraduate study at Princeton and Rutgers ( where he gained his doctorate ) in the United States .
Dr Rupert Read is a Green Party of England and Wales politician , Reader in philosophy at the University of East Anglia , and Norwich Green Party city councillor .	Rupert Read is a Green Party of England and Wales politician , Reader in philosophy at the University of East Anglia , and Norwich Green Party city councillor .
Dr Read comments regularly through the " Eastern Daily Press " ' One World Column ' .	Read comments regularly through the " Eastern Daily Press " ' One World Column ' .
Influenced by Ludwig Wittgenstein 's philosophy , his PhD involved " a Wittgensteinian exploration of the relationship between Kripke ’s ‘ quus’ problem and Nelson Goodman ’s ‘ grue’ problem . "	Influenced by Ludwig Wittgenstein ’s philosophy , his PhD involved “ a Wittgensteinian exploration of the relationship between Kripke ’s ‘ quus’ problem and Nelson Goodman ’s ‘ grue’ problem . ”
He is currently Chair of the Green House thinktank , East of England Green Party Co - ordinator and a Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia .	He is Chair of the Green House thinktank , East of England Green Party Co - ordinator and a Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia .
He is currently Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy , previously having taught at Manchester .	He is Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy , previously having taught at Manchester .
His comments were condemned by the Green LGBTIQ group , who invited him to " engage with LGBTIQ Greens and listen to our deep concerns over his comments on trans people and of the phenomena that is trans . "	His comments caused concern within the Green LGBTIQ group , who invited him to " engage with LGBTIQ Greens and listen to our deep concerns over his comments on trans people and of the phenomena that is trans . "
Read took up this offer and spent time with trans people in an effort to fully understand their position .	Read took up this offer and spent time with trans people in an effort to fully understand their lives .
Caroline Lucas commented on its launch , " Green House will present a radical challenge , not just to ordinary politics but to all of us in the progressive and environmental wing of politics .	Caroline Lucas commented on its launch , " http://www.greenhousethinktank.org/page.php?pageid=home will present a radical challenge , not just to ordinary politics but to all of us in the progressive and environmental wing of politics . "
In 2012 Rupert Read formed The Really Ethical PR Agency - a protest group designed to prove that representing dictators , toxic - waste companies etc is just really bad PR ...	In 2012 Rupert Read formed http://ethicalpr.blogspot.dk - a protest group designed to prove that representing dictators , toxic - waste companies etc is just really bad PR ...
Read was one of five contributors , including Dr Nassim Nicholas Taleb , to a paper entitled " The Precautionary Principle ( with Application to the Genetic Modification of Organisms ) " .	Read was one of five contributors , including Nassim Nicholas Taleb , to a paper entitled " The Precautionary Principle ( with Application to the Genetic Modification of Organisms ) " .
Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting with environment secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion ’s demands and concerns directly to the government .	Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting with Environment Secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion ’s demands and concerns directly to the government .
A day later the UK parliament became the first in the world to declare a ‘ climate change emergency’	A day later the UK Parliament became the first in the world to declare a ‘ climate change emergency’
In October 2018 , Read his declared support for Extinction Rebellion .	In October 2018 , Read declared his support for Extinction Rebellion .
Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting with Environment Secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion ’s demands and concerns directly to the government .	Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting with Environment Secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion 's demands and concerns directly to the government .
part of the first one of Extinction Rebellion ’s three demands .	part of the first one of Extinction Rebellion 's three demands .
For the 2019 European Elections , Read is standing as the second ranked candidate on the Eastern Region list for the Green Party .	For the 2019 European Elections , Read stood as the second ranked candidate on the Eastern Region list for the Green Party .
He is Reader in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy , previously having taught at Manchester .	He is an Associate Professor in Philosophy at the University of East Anglia , specialising in philosophy of language , philosophy of science , and environmental philosophy , previously having taught at Manchester .
His other major recent academic focus has been on the " Precautionary Principle " having contributed substantially to work co - authored with Nassim Nicholas Taleb on applying the principle to questions of genetic modification of organisms .	His other major recent academic focus has been on the precautionary principle , having contributed substantially to work co - authored with Nassim Nicholas Taleb on applying the principle to questions of genetic modification of organisms .
A month later , Read took part in a sit - in to disrupt the consultation stage of a link between two major highways across ecologically significant Wensum Valley in Norfolk .	A month later , Read took part in a sit - in to disrupt the consultation stage of a link between two major motorways across ecologically significant Wensum Valley in Norfolk .
In addition to joining and speaking to protesters across London , Read appeared on a number of news platforms as spokesperson for Extinction Rebellion , putting forward their three demands not only to the " New Scientist " , but also to John Nicolson on talkRadio and the combative Nick Ferrari on LBC	In addition to joining and speaking to protesters across London , Read appeared on a number of news platforms as spokesman for Extinction Rebellion , putting forward their three demands not only to the " New Scientist " , but also to John Nicolson on talkRadio and Nick Ferrari on LBC
More recently during the October 2019 Extinction Rebellion , Rupert appeared of BBC question time along with secretary of state for transport Grant Shapps MP , Lisa Nandy MP , businessman Theo Paphitis and journalist Julia Hartley - Brewer .	More recently during the October 2019 Extinction Rebellion , Rupert appeared on BBC question time along with Secretary of State for Transport Grant Shapps MP , Lisa Nandy MP , businessman Theo Paphitis and journalist Julia Hartley - Brewer .
Through the work of their protests , Extinction Rebellion were invited to talk with the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan and Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell .	Through the work of their protests , Extinction Rebellion were invited to talk to the Mayor of London Sadiq Khan and Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell .
Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting with Environment Secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion 's demands and concerns directly to the government .	Additionally , Read was personally involved in meeting Environment Secretary Michael Gove at DEFRA where he put forward Extinction Rebellion 's demands and concerns directly to the government .
In 2020 , Read orchestrated the leak of the JP Morgan report saying Earth is on unsustainable trajectory , in which the major fossil fuel financier warned its clients of the economic risks of human - caused global heating .	In 2020 , Read orchestrated the leak of the JP Morgan report saying Earth is on unsustainable trajectory , in which the major fossil fuel financier warned its clients of the economic risks of man - made global warming .
The seizure was dismissed by the Federal District Court in New Orleans , which found that the arms had been owned by a U.S. citizen , and intended for Mexican revolutionaries fighting under Benito Juarez , in which the united States was officially neutral .	The seizure was dismissed by the Federal District Court in New Orleans , which found that the arms had been owned by a U.S. citizen , and intended for Mexican revolutionaries fighting under Benito Juarez , in which the United States was officially neutral .
His real name sweryaf alkjui .	His real name Sweryaf Aljkui .
Since the late 1960s to early 1970s , the basic science work which led to sub - fractionation of lipoprotein particles ( chylomicrons , VLDL , IDL , LDL & HDL , plus multiple sub - distinctions within these groupings ) had been a breakthrough into how fats needed and manipulated by all cells in the body are carried by the water - based blood transport system	From the late 1960s to early 1970s , the basic science work which led to sub - fractionation of lipoprotein particles ( chylomicrons , VLDL , IDL , LDL & HDL , plus multiple sub - distinctions within these groupings ) had been a breakthrough into how fats needed and manipulated by all cells in the body are carried by the water - based blood transport system
Thank you for fbeing patient enough to read this .	Thank you for being patient enough to read this .
Sihanouk himself implictly admitted the fraud in a 1958 publication .	Sihanouk himself implicitly admitted the fraud in a 1958 publication .
Several of the district he points out as communist strongholds in the 1955 elections , were constitutencies were " Pracheachon " candidates officially had obtained few votes or none at all .	Several of the district he points out as communist strongholds in the 1955 elections , were constituencies where " Pracheachon " candidates officially had obtained few votes or none at all .
In Memut , where communist guerrillas had been strong during the war and where there was a strong leftist following amongst rubber plantation workers , official figures gave 6149 votes for Sangkum , 99 for the Democrats and 0 votes for the " Pracheachon " candidate Sok Saphai .	In Memot , where communist guerrillas had been strong during the war and where there was a strong leftist following amongst rubber plantation workers , official figures gave 6149 votes for Sangkum , 99 for the Democrats and 0 votes for the " Pracheachon " candidate Sok Saphai .
General elections were held in Cambodia in 1955 .	General elections were held in Cambodia on June 9 , 1955 .
General elections were held in Cambodia on June 9 , 1955 .	General elections were held in Cambodia on 9 June 1955 .
Shibushi can refer to :	Shibushi may refer to :
However , there is no Red Mutant Ranger , and Rita is on the verge of creating their leader , Commander Clayfish .	However , there is no Red Mutant Ranger , and Rita is on the verge of creating their leader , Commander Crayfish .
Rita makes the Commander Clayfish and the remaining Rangers grow .	Rita makes the Commander Crayfish and the remaining Rangers grow .
Dragonzord fights the Mutant Rangers while the Megazord fights Clayfish .	Dragonzord fights the Mutant Rangers while the Megazord fights Crayfish .
However , the Rangers Summon Ultrazord and merge all three zords together , allowing them to destroy Clayfish and the Mutant Rangers , to the dismay of Rita .	However , the Rangers summon Titanus and merge all three zords together forming Ultrazord , allowing them to destroy Crayfish and the Mutant Rangers , to the dismay of Rita .
Back at school , Bulk and Skull dress up and act like gentlemens and present the teacher with a present .	Back at school , Bulk and Skull dress up and act like " gentlemen " and present the teacher with a present .
At the park , Kimberly and Tommy are confronted by the Green and Pink Mutant Rangers .	At the park , Tommy and Kimberly are confronted by the Green and Pink Mutant Rangers .
In the moon , Rita plans to use the badges of darkness to turn some putties into Mutant Rangers .	On the moon , Rita plans to use the badges of darkness to turn some putties into Mutant Rangers .
The " Annibal " class was a type of 74-gun ship of the French Navy .	The " Annibal " class was a class of two 74-gun ships of the French Navy .
Both ships were captured during the Third Battle of Ushant ( " Bataille du 13 prairial an II " or " Glorious First of June " ) on 1 June 1794 off Ushant , and were added to but never commissioned into the British Navy .	Both ships were captured during the Fourth Battle of Ushant ( " Bataille du 13 prairial an II " or " Glorious First of June " ) on 1 June 1794 off Ushant , and were added to but never commissioned into the British Navy .
Basic topics in anatomy include :	Basic topics in human anatomy include :
Human anatomy , a branch of anatomy , is the scientific study of the morphology of the adult human body .	Human anatomy , a branch of anatomy , is the scientific study of the morphology of the adult human .
He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy school of Dance .	He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy School of Dance .
He is currently awaiting his theatrical debut as the lead in the London cast of " Billy Elliot the Musical " in December 2007 .	He made his theatrical debut as the lead in the London cast of " Billy Elliot the Musical " on December 17 , 2007 .
At age 4 , he began instruction in Irish Dancing , and by age 6 , was competing at the highest level , Open Championship .	At age 4 , he began instruction in Irish dancing , and by age 6 , was competing at the highest level , Open Championship .
He continues to study ballet , tap , jazz , and lyrical dance , and was named Jr. Mr. Starbound at the July 2006 Nationals in Atlantic City , NJ .	He continues to study ballet , tap , jazz , and lyrical dance , and was named Jr. Mr. Starbound at the July 2006 Nationals in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy School of Dance .	He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy 's School of Dance .
His final London show was on 7th June 2008 .	His final London show was on June 7 , 2008 .
He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy 's School of Dance .	He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy ’s School of Dance .
His television appearances include HBO 's " Inside the NFL " alongside Bob Costas ( November 2005 ) , Good Morning America , and on the BBC .	His television appearances include HBO ’s " Inside the NFL " alongside Bob Costas ( November 2005 ) , Good Morning America , and on the BBC .
On 17th December 2007 , Trent made his debut as Billy in " Billy Elliot the Musical " at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London .	On december 172007 , Trent made his debut as Billy in " Billy Elliot the Musical " at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London .
His final London show was on June 7 , 2008 .	His final London show was on june 72008 .
Trent is from Wantagh , New York .	Kowalik is from Wantagh , New York .
His television appearances include HBO ’s " Inside the NFL " alongside Bob Costas ( November 2005 ) , Good Morning America , and on the BBC .	His television appearances include HBO 's " Inside the NFL " alongside Bob Costas ( November 2005 ) , " Good Morning America " , and on the BBC .
On december 172007 , Trent made his debut as Billy in " Billy Elliot the Musical " at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London .	On December 17 , 2007 , Kowalik made his debut as Billy in " Billy Elliot the Musical " at the Victoria Palace Theatre in London .
His final London show was on june 72008 .	His final London show was on June 7 , 2008 .
Kowalik , in a reprise of his role as Billy , made his Broadway debut on october 92008 , alongside fellow New York cast Billy Elliots , Kiril Kulish and David Alvarez .	Kowalik , in a reprise of his role as Billy , made his Broadway debut on October 9 , 2008 , alongside fellow New York cast Billy Elliots , Kiril Kulish and David Alvarez .
The production of Billy Elliot was nominated for 15 Tonys in all , including Best Musical and Best Score	The production of Billy Elliot was nominated for 15 Tony Awards in all , including Best Musical and Best Score
Trent attends Wantagh Middle School and is graduating this year of 2009 He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy 's School of Dance in Bellmore , New York .	Trent attends Middle School and is graduating this year of 2009 He started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy 's School of Dance in Bellmore , New York .
On June 7 , 2009 , Kowalik , along with Kiril Kulish and David Álvarez , won for the Tony Award for best actor in a musical .	On June 7 , 2009 , Kowalik , along with Kiril Kulish and David Álvarez , won for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical .
Kowalik started dance lessons at age 3½ at Dorothy 's School of Dance in Bellmore , Long Island , New York , and at age four began instruction in Irish dancing .	Kowalik started dance lessons at the age of three at Dorothy 's School of Dance in Bellmore , New York , and at age four began instruction in Irish dancing .
Kowalik was announced as one of the three boys to play Billy in the Broadway production of the show at a press launch in New York on April 22 , 2008 , along with David Álvarez and Kiril Kulish .	Kowalik was announced as one of the three boys to play Billy in the Broadway production of the show at a New York press launch on April 22 , 2008 , along with David Álvarez and Kiril Kulish .
On June 7 , 2009 , Kowalik , along with Kiril Kulish and David Álvarez , won for the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical .	On June 7 , 2009 , Kowalik , along with Kiril Kulish and David Álvarez , won the Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical .
He will graduate from Princeton University in June of 2018 .	He will graduate from Princeton University in June 2018 .
He will graduate from Princeton University in June 2018 .	He graduated from Princeton University in June 2018 .
Plasma is the state of matter that is comprised of ionized gas .	Plasma is the state of matter that consists of ionized gas .
I am sixteen years old , and live in Hagaman , New York , a small village in central New York .	I am sixteen years old , and live in Hagaman , a small village in central New York .
When I become old enough to register to vote , I will most likely be a member of the United States Green Party .	When I become old enough to register to vote , I will most likely be a member of the Green Party .
Anjay was initially on the town council and remained there through the first election process .	Anjay was initially on the town council and remained there through the second election process .
He remained in this position for the first 29 days -- even with an attempted coup by Olivia -- only to be replaced by Greg in a dramatic 2 - 7 vote ( Alex being his sole supporter ) .	He remained in this position for the first 29 days -- even with an attempted coupe by Olivia -- only to be replaced by Greg in a dramatic 2 - 7 vote ( Alex being his sole supporter ) .
As a council member , Anjay did not seem to hvae done much , always being overshadowed or overpowered by Greg .	As a council member , Anjay did not seem to have done much , always being overshadowed or overpowered by Greg .
Bushi , Shibushi , or Kibushi is a language spoken in Madagascar and the French - ruled Comoran islands of Mayotte .	Bushi , Shibushi , or Kibushi is a language spoken in Madagascar and the French - ruled Comorian islands of Mayotte .
Bushi is spoken along the west coast of the main island ( Grande - Terre ) including the villages of Bambo - Est , M'Boueni , Passi - Kéli , M'Ronabeja , Kani - Kéli , Chirongui , Poroani , Ouangani , Chiconi , Sohoa , M'tsangamouji , Acoua , M'tsangadoua , Handrema .	Bushi is spoken along the west coast of the main island ( Grande - Terre ) including the villages of Bambo Est , M'Boueni , Passy - Kéli , Mronabeja , Kani - Kéli , Chirongui , Poroani , Ouangani , Chiconi , Sohoa , M'tsangamouji , Acoua , M'tsangadoua , Handrema .
In 1995 , it was spoken by over nine - thousand people ( 767,000 in Madagascar and 39,200 in Mayotte ) .	In 1995 , it was spoken by 806,200 people ( 767,000 in Madagascar and 39,200 in Mayotte ) .
Historically , Kibushi and Shimaore have been spoken in certain villages but Shimaore tends to be the " de facto " indigeneous lingua franca in everyday life , because of the larger Shimaore - speaking population .	Historically , Kibushi and Shimaore have been spoken in certain villages but Shimaore tends to be the " de facto " indigenous lingua franca in everyday life , because of the larger Shimaore - speaking population .
On 22 February 2006 , the " Conseil de la Culture , de l'Education et de l'Environnement de Mayotte " introduced an official alphabet that utilizes the basic Latin alphabet without c , j , q , and x and adds three letters : ɓ , ɗ , and n̈.	On 22 February 2006 , the " Conseil de la Culture , de l'Education et de l'Environnement de Mayotte " introduced an official alphabet that utilizes the basic Latin alphabet without c , j , q , and x and uses three extra letters : ɓ , ɗ , and n̈.
Geographical Distribution .	Geographical distribution .
Kiboshi and Majunga together are considered one of the Malagasy languages by " Glottolog . "	Kibosy and Majunga together are considered one of the Malagasy languages by " Glottolog . "
The concept consist of an advanced guided bus that even highquality transportation offers as a traditional tram , against a very less cost : the infrastructuur is much cheaper in aanleg en maintains , because of the leak of rails and bovenleiding .	The concept consist of an advanced guided bus that even highquality transportation offers as a traditional tram , against a very less cost : the infrastructuur is much cheaper in creating en maintaince , because of the there is no of rails and overhead lines .
The Phileas mainly drives on a free buslane .	The Phileas mainly drives on a free bus lane .
The used technique FROG assures that the busses are able to drive automatically , though a driver is always present because the budget prevents the Phileas traject to be completely seperated from ordinary traffic .	The used technique FROG assures that the busses are able to drive automatically , though a driver is always present because the budget prevents the Phileas traject to be completely separated from ordinary traffic .
Phileas is a public transport concept for a highquality public transport , developed by Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven ( SRE ) , Dutch for the Cooperation Foundation Eindhoven Region , along with some other companies .	Phileas is a public transport concept for a high quality public transport , developed by Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven ( SRE ) , Dutch for the Cooperation Foundation Eindhoven Region , along with some other companies .
The project was created in the late 90s	The project was created in the late 1990s
there was a wish of showing the high technology level and technical knowledge in the Eindhoven area and to create jobs .	there was a wish to demonstrate the high technology level and technical knowledge in the Eindhoven area and to create jobs .
Phileas is called after Phileas Fogg , the protagonist in the work " Around the World in Eighty Days " of Jules Verne because of the high speed and ability to be on time .	Phileas is called after Phileas Fogg , the protagonist in " Around the World in Eighty Days " by Jules Verne because of the high speed and ability to be on time .
The Phileas mainly drives on a free bus lane .	The Phileas mainly drives on a bus lane .
Failure of the metrobus project in istanbul .	Failure of the Metrobus project in Istanbul .
Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality purchased 50 Phileas bi - articulated buses for Metrobus ( Istanbul ) project .	Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality purchased 50 Phileas bi - articulated buses for the Metrobus ( Istanbul ) project .
The common opinion is that the buses are designed to run in a flat geography like Holland and they are not suitable for the cases where overcrowded buses are to climb even mild hills .	The common opinion is that the buses are designed to run in a flat geography like Holland and they are not suitable for when overcrowded buses climb even mild hills .
This article incorporates parts of the Dutch wikipedia entry , : nl : Phileas ( OV )	This article incorporates parts of the Dutch Wikipedia entry , : nl : Phileas ( OV )
Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality purchased 50 Phileas bi - articulated trams for the Metrobus ( Istanbul ) project .	Istanbul Metropolitan Municipality purchased 50 Phileas bi - articulated vehicles for the Metrobus project .
The changes were made to accommodate the higher passenger traffic .	Changes were made to accommodate the higher passenger traffic .
Phileas is Bus rapid transit , developed by Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven ( SRE ) , Netherlands , along with some other companies for the Cooperation Foundation Eindhoven Region ( most prominently	Phileas is a bus rapid transit , developed by Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven ( SRE ) , Netherlands , along with some other companies for the Cooperation Foundation Eindhoven Region ( most prominently
The project was created in the late 1990s	The project started in the late 1990s
Testicular receptor 4 also known as NR2C2 ( nuclear receptor subfamily 2 , group C , member 2 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " NR2C2 " .	Testicular receptor 4 also known as NR2C2 ( nuclear receptor subfamily 2 , group C , member 2 ) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the " NR2C2 " gene .
The most noticable changes are :	The most noticeable changes are :
The Adyghe Shapsug dialect of Kfar Kama speakers have an Alveolar ejective fricative that corresponds a lot to [ tsʼ in other Adyghe and Kabardian dialects .	The Adyghe Shapsug dialect of Kfar Kama speakers have an Alveolar ejective fricative that corresponds a lot to [ t͡sʼ in other Adyghe and Kabardian dialects .
In the Shapsug and Abzakh dialects of Adyghe they become labiopalatalized [ tʃʷ , [ ʃʷ ] and [ ʒʷ ] , and in Kabardian they become labiodental consonants [ f , .	In Shapsug , Bzhedug and Abzakh dialects of Adyghe they become labiopalatalized [ ʃʷ and [ ʒʷ ] , and in Kabardian they become labiodental consonants [ f , .
In most other Circassian dialects they were merged with , and .	In other Circassian dialects they were merged with , and .
The consonants glottal stop [ ʔ ] and labialized glottal stop [ ʔʷ ] in Proto - Circassian came from uvular ejective and labialized uvular ejective [ qʷʼ.	The consonants glottal stop [ ʔ ] and labialized glottal stop [ ʔʷ ] in Proto - Circassian may have come from uvular ejective and labialized uvular ejective [ qʷʼ.
In the Hakuchi dialect it is pronouced as and [ qʷʼ.	In the Hakuchi dialect it is pronounced as and [ qʷʼ.
Labiodental is found also in Adyghe , but there it derives from the Proto - Circassian labialized voiceless velar fricative * [ xʷ ] , which survives in the East Circassian dialects ( e.g.	Labiodental is found also in Adyghe , but there it derives from the Proto - Circassian labialized voiceless velar fricative [ xʷ ] , which survived in the East Circassian dialects ( e.g.
Kfar Kama dialect ) , in the Besleney dialectand in the Uzunyayla dialect .	Kfar Kama dialect ) , in the Besleney dialect and in the Uzunyayla dialect .
In the Temirgoy dialect they become къ and къу while in Shapsug dialect they become хъ and хъу [ χʷ.	In the Temirgoy dialect they become къ and къу while in some Shapsug dialects they become хъ and хъу [ χʷ.
In other words , Lowland Adyghe retains the distinction between * a and * ǝ in the 2nd syllable , if it was originally stressed	In other words , Adyghe retains the distinction between * a and * ǝ in the 2nd syllable , if it was originally stressed
Kabardian Adyghe retains the distinction uniformly , by dropping * ǝ but not * a.	Kabardian retains the distinction uniformly , by dropping * ǝ but not * a.
Proto - Circassian plain voiceless alveolo - palatal affricate чь also become чъ in the Temirgoy and Bzhedug sub - dialects , ш in the Abzakh sub - dialect but ж in the Kabardian Adyghe dialect .	Proto - Circassian plain voiceless alveolo - palatal affricate чь also become чъ in the Temirgoy and Bzhedug dialect , ш in the Abzakh dialect but ж in the Kabardian dialect .
In Kabardian Adyghe they became affricate voiceless uvular affricate and labialized voiceless uvular affricate [ q͡χʷ .	In Kabardian they became affricate voiceless uvular affricate and labialized voiceless uvular affricate [ q͡χʷ .
In the Proto - Circassian there existed an alveolar lateral ejective affricate * This consonant survived in the Besleney sub - dialect of the Kabardian Adyghe dialect .	In the Proto - Circassian there existed an alveolar lateral ejective affricate * This consonant survived in the Besleney dialect of Kabardian .
There also existed voiced alveolar lateral affricate * that become [ ɣ in Adyghe and [ ʒ ] in Kabardian and a palatalized voiced velar fricative * [ ɣʲ ] that become [ ɣ ] in Lowland Adyghe and [ ʑ ] in Kabardian Adyghe .	There also existed voiced alveolar lateral affricate * that become [ ɣ in Adyghe and [ ʒ ] in Kabardian and a palatalized voiced velar fricative * [ ɣʲ ] that become [ ɣ ] in Adyghe and [ ʑ ] in Kabardian .
The Proto - Circassian language did not had labiodental consonants ( ф and в ) .	The Proto - Circassian language did not have labiodental consonants ( ф and в ) .
It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes parts of the administrative territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , Mwenga , and Uvira surrounding but not including the city of Bukavu .	It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes parts of the administrative territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , and Mwenga , and Uvira surrounding but not including the city of Bukavu .
There around 4 million inhabitants in the region .	There are around 4 million inhabitants in the region .
Bushi is a traditional region and an ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo	Bushi is a traditional region and an ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo(formerly Zaire )
the Banyarwanda / Barundi people in the East	the Banyarwanda / Barundi people in the Eastern
but there are more and more businesmen	but there are more and more distinguished businesmen
There are around 4 million inhabitants in the region;speaking the Mashi or Shi language .	There are about 4 million inhabitants in the region;speaking the Mashi or Shi language .
The Bushi is also a chiefdom that is organized into many localities or sub - chiefdoms .	The Bushi is also a kingdom that is organized into many localities or sub - chiefdoms .
politicians and other intellectuals from this important ethnic group of the Kivu region . The mwami Kabare Ndatabaye is the King of this people .	politicians and other intellectuals from this important ethnic group of the Kivu region . The mwami Kabare is the King of this people .
Bushi is a traditional region and an african ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo(formerly Zaire )	Bushi is a traditional region and an African ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo(formerly Zaire )
but there are more and more distinguished businesmen	but there are more and more distinguished businessmen
It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes the administrative Territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , Mwenga , Idjwi and Uvira surrounding Bukavu , wich is its main City .	It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes the administrative Territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , Mwenga , Idjwi and Uvira surrounding Bukavu , which is its main city .
It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes the administrative Territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , Mwenga , Idjwi and Uvira surrounding Bukavu , which is its main city .	It lies along the Mitumba Mountains and includes the administrative territories of Walungu , Kabare , Kalehe , Mwenga , Idjwi and Uvira surrounding Bukavu , which is its main city .
Bushi is mainly a traditional region and an African ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo(formerly Zaire )	Bushi is mainly a traditional region and an African ethnic group in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( formerly Zaire )
Teenage Marianne and her her little sister lives with their alcoholic mother .	Teenage Marianne and her little sister live with their alcoholic mother .
I 'm a Ph.D. candidate at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .	I 'm a Ph.D. student at Indiana University of Pennsylvania .
Explorers of the area that is now the U.S. state of Oregooooooooon	Explorers of the area that is now the U.S. state of Rusha
He became a member of the town council at the first elections , taking Taylor 's place as leader of the yellow district .	He became a member of the town council at the first elections , taking Taylor DuPriest 's place as leader of the yellow district .
So that means he is rich .	So that suggests he is rich .
August 21 , 2008 .	September 1 , 2008 .
September 26 , 2008 .	October 2 , 2008 .
May 18 , 2009 .	June 2 , 2009 .
September 27 , 2009 .	October 3 , 2009 .
It is published by the faculty of science at the University of Aarhus .	It is published by the Faculty of Science and Technology at the University of Aarhus .
Edward Bwanali is a former Malawian politician .	Edward Bwanali was a Malawian politician .
In parallel , the work of H5 was presented in numerous exhibitions and festivals , in Paris ( National center of art and culture Georges - Pompidou , Paris sleepless night 2007 , French National Library , Gallery Anatome ) , London ( Institute of Contemporary Arts , National Museum of Photography , British Film Institute ) , Tokyo ( Sendai Mediatheque ) , Rotterdam ( NAI ) , New York ( MoMA ) and Los Angeles ( Egyptian Theater ) .	In parallel , the work of H5 was presented in numerous exhibitions and festivals , in Paris ( National Center of Art and Culture Georges - Pompidou , Paris sleepless night 2007 , French National Library , Gallery Anatome ) , London ( Institute of Contemporary Arts , National Museum of Photography , British Film Institute ) , Tokyo ( Sendai Mediatheque ) , Rotterdam ( NAI ) , New York ( MoMA ) and Los Angeles ( Egyptian Theater ) .
From 1996 to 2006 , H5 will be supporting the coming up of the French Touch , by making sleeves for explosive bands such as Solid , Source , 20000 ST , Missive orPamplemousse .	From 1996 to 2006 , H5 will be supporting the coming up of the French Touch , by making sleeves for explosive bands such as Solid , Source , 20000 ST , Missive or Pamplemousse .
Their first short film , " Logorama " , was selected at the Week of Criticism at the Cannes Film Festival 2009 and at CineVegas in 2009 .	Their first animated short film , " Logorama " , was selected at the Week of Criticism at the Cannes Film Festival 2009 and at CineVegas in 2009 .
In parallel , the work of H5 was presented in numerous exhibitions and festivals , in Paris ( National Center of Art and Culture Georges - Pompidou , Paris sleepless night 2007 , French National Library , Gallery Anatome ) , London ( Institute of Contemporary Arts , National Museum of Photography , British Film Institute ) , Tokyo ( Sendai Mediatheque ) , Rotterdam ( NAI ) , New York ( MoMA ) and Los Angeles ( Egyptian Theater ) .	In parallel , H5 's work was presented in numerous exhibitions and festivals , in Paris ( National Center of Art and Culture Georges - Pompidou , Paris sleepless night 2007 , French National Library , Gallery Anatome ) , London ( Institute of Contemporary Arts , National Museum of Photography , British Film Institute ) , Tokyo ( Sendai Mediatheque ) , Rotterdam ( NAI ) , New York ( MoMA ) and Los Angeles ( Egyptian Theater ) .
Some of the best - known examples of AGPL software include :	Some of the best - known examples of GNU AGPL licensed software include :
The license has been rejected by the Open Source Imitative and banned by both Debian and the Fedora Project , citing that the license 's intent is to discriminate against cloud computing providers offering services without purchasing its commercial license .	The license has been rejected by the Open Source Initative and banned by both Debian and the Fedora Project , citing that the license 's intent is to discriminate against cloud computing providers offering services without purchasing its commercial license .
The Frăsiniş River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .	The Frăsiniș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .
There are , however , some quite successful business ' in the area , with many of them making use of the areas natural beauty and agricultural nature as an integral part of , or as a backdrop to , their business .	There are , however , some quite successful businesses in the area , with many of them making use of the area 's natural beauty and agricultural nature as an integral part of , or as a backdrop to , their business .
Hetherwick Ntaba is a Malawian politician , currently the Secretary - General of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) .	Hetherwick Ntaba is a Malawian politician , currently the Publicity Secretary of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) .
The 2007 Division I Men 's College Cup is a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I across the nation who played for the NCAA Championship .	The 2007 Division I Men 's NCAA College Cup is a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I across the nation who played for the NCAA Championship .
Mike Desantis- Massachusetts	Mike DeSantis- Massachusetts
Andrew Magill- Ohio State	Eric Edwards- Ohio State
Regionals are named after the location of highest remaining seed .	Regionals are named after the location of the regional final .
This year 's College Cup Final Four will be held at SAS Soccer Park in Cary , North Carolina .	This year 's College Cup Final Four is being held at SAS Soccer Park in Cary , North Carolina .
North Carolina State University will host the College Cup .	North Carolina State University is hosting the College Cup .
Marcus Tracy- Wake Forest	Zach Schilawski- Wake Forest
Zach Schilawski- Wake Forest	Drew Jonke- Wake Forest
Zach Schilawski- Wake Forest	Drew Jonke- Wake Forest
Goal Scorers .	Goal scorers .
Andrew Wiederman- California	Andrew Wiedeman- California
Quincy Amerikwa- UC Davis	Quincy Amarikwa- UC Davis
Alfonso Motagalvan - UCSB	Alfonso Motagalvan- UCSB
The 2007 Division I Men 's NCAA College Cup is a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I who played for the NCAA Championship in soccer .	The 2007 NCAA Division I Men 's Soccer Championship was a tournament of 48 teams from NCAA Division I who played for the NCAA Championship in soccer .
All the other games were played at the home field of the higher seeded team .	All other games were played at the home field of the higher - seeded team .
Daniel Keat- Dartmouth	Dan Keat- Dartmouth
Jide Ogunbiyi- Santa Clara	Babajide Ogunbiyi- Santa Clara
Nick Perara - UCSB	Nick Perera - UCSB
The site you 're linking to looks informative but you need to pages discussing the article 's topic rather than always linking to the home page .	The site you 're linking to looks informative but you need link to pages discussing the article 's topic rather than always linking to the home page .
George Nga Ntafu ( 1942 in Likoma Island , Nyasaland – October 20 , 2015 in Blantyre , Malawi ) was a Malawian politician .	George Nga Mtafu ( 1943 in Likoma Island , Nyasaland – October 20 , 2015 in Blantyre , Malawi ) was a Malawian politician .
Ntafu was foreign minister of his country from 1996 - 1997 .	Mtafu was foreign minister of his country from 1996 - 1997 .
after his political life , he returned to practice until his death .	After his political life , he returned to practice until his death .
George Ntafu died on 20 October 2015 at Mwaiwathu Private Hospital a few hours after being involved in a road accident when the car he was driving collided with a truck in the Malawi 's commercial city of Blantyre .	George Mtafu died on 20 October 2015 at Mwaiwathu Private Hospital a few hours after being involved in a road accident when the car he was driving collided with a truck in the Malawi 's commercial city of Blantyre .
I know that many of you editor hate me and do n't want me to edit on this site .	I know that many of you editors hate me and do n't want me to edit on this site .
Let start with why I am in this prediciment .	Let 's start with why I am in this prediciment .
The movie is based on a novel of the same name , by Marc Olden .	The film is based on a novel of the same name , by Marc Olden .
CCS jointed the International Association of Classification Societies ( IACS ) as a full member in May 1988 .	CCS joined the International Association of Classification Societies ( IACS ) as a full member in May 1988 .
The sheath - tailed mouse ( " Mus fragilicauda " ) is a mouse found in two locations in central Thailand .	The sheath - tailed mouse ( " Mus fragilicauda " ) is a mouse found in two locations in central Thailand and in Laos .
They are sometimes found with the fawn - colored mouse .	It is sometimes found with the fawn - colored mouse .
The Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research is a collaboration between the National Marrow Donor Program ® and the Medical College of Wisconsin 's International Bone Marrow Transplant Registry and Autologous Blood and Marrow Transplant Registry .	The Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research is a collaboration between the National Marrow Donor Program and the Medical College of Wisconsin 's International Bone Marrow Transplant Registry and Autologous Blood and Marrow Transplant Registry .
The CIBMTR lists their specific goals as :	The CIBMTR lists its specific goals as :
Research Activites .	Research activities .
Observational Research .	Observational research .
Data Resources .	Data resources .
Available Resources .	Available resources .
Request Resources .	Request resources .
Provide Access to Research Repository Samples .	Provide access to Research Repository samples .
Sample Inventory .	Sample inventory .
For CIBMTR Studies .	For CIBMTR studies .
For Transplant Investigators .	For transplant investigators .
As a result , our clinical database now contains information on more than 330,000 transplant recipients .	As a result , their clinical database now contains information on more than 330,000 transplant recipients .
Investigators are invited to propose studies that utilize CIBMTR ’s large observational database .	Investigators are invited to propose studies that utilize CIBMTR 's large observational database .
MS biostatisticians coordinate Working Committee activities and participate in individual studies , with oversight provided by PhD biotatisticians .	MS biostatisticians coordinate Working Committee activities and participate in individual studies , with oversight provided by PhD biostatisticians .
Investigators , physicians , patients and others interested in hematopoeitic cell transplantation ( HCT ) outcomes can access these resources below .	Investigators , physicians , patients and others interested in hematopoietic cell transplantation ( HCT ) outcomes can access these resources below .
The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .	The Frumoasa River is a right tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania .
Priorities and Challenges .	Priorities and challenges .
Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Presley Blake Law Center expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , St. Germain Campus Center renovation , George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have occurred on his watch .	Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Prestley Blake Law Center expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , St. Germain Campus Center renovation , George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have occurred on his watch .
Anthony S. Caprio is the current president of Western New England College and author on the French language .	Anthony S. Caprio is the current president of Western New England College and a French language scholar .
Additionally , the School of Law saw a 21 percent jump in enrollment in the same period .	Additionally , the School of Law saw a 29.4 percent increase in total enrollment in the same period .
Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Prestley Blake Law Center expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , the St. Germain Campus Center renovation , the Kevin S. Delbridge Welcome Center , and the George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have been completed on his watch . Many of these projects were made possible through the " Transformations : The Campaign for Western New England College " .	Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Prestley Blake Law Building expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , the St. Germain Campus Center renovation , the Kevin S. Delbridge Welcome Center , and the George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have been completed on his watch . Many of these projects were made possible through the " Transformations : The Campaign for Western New England College " .
Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Prestley Blake Law Building expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , the St. Germain Campus Center renovation , the Kevin S. Delbridge Welcome Center , and the George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have been completed on his watch . Many of these projects were made possible through the " Transformations : The Campaign for Western New England College " .	Several major building projects ( Commonwealth Hall , LaRiviere Hall , the S. Prestley Blake Law Center expansion , Golden Bear Stadium , the St. Germain Campus Center renovation , the Kevin S. Delbridge Welcome Center , and the George E. Trelease Memorial Baseball Park ) have been completed on his watch . Many of these projects were made possible through the " Transformations : The Campaign for Western New England College " .
President Caprio is also spearheading the creation of the Western New England College School of Pharmacy ( pending receipt of various required approvals ) , the first new School at the College in 41 years . Complimenting the School of Pharmacy is a new academic building .	President Caprio is also spearheading the creation of the Western New England College School of Pharmacy ( pending receipt of various required approvals ) , the first new School at the College in 41 years . Complementing the School of Pharmacy is a new academic building .
Anthony S. Caprio is the current president of Western New England College and a French language scholar .	Anthony S. Caprio is the current president of Western New England University and a French language scholar .
He is the fifth President of Western New England College , succeeding Dr. Beverly Miller .	He is the fifth President of Western New England University , succeeding Dr. Beverly Miller .
He was awarded the honorary bachelor 's degree from Western New England College in 2000 .	He was awarded the honorary bachelor 's degree from Western New England University in 2000 .
Prior to his appointment as President of Western New England College , Dr. Caprio served for seven years as provost and professor of language and literature at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta where he was responsible as chief academic officer for all matters related to faculty and to undergraduate and graduate curriculum .	Prior to his appointment as President of Western New England University , Dr. Caprio served for seven years as provost and professor of language and literature at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta where he was responsible as chief academic officer for all matters related to faculty and to undergraduate and graduate curriculum .
Caprio has presided over an era change and growth at Western New England College .	Caprio has presided over an era change and growth at Western New England University .
[ http://www1.wnec.edu/campaign/home.cfm?selection=doc.5339 The Campaign raised over $ 23 million for the College , exceeding the initial goal by over $ 3 million .	[ http://www1.wne.edu/campaign/home.cfm?selection=doc.5339 The Campaign raised over $ 23 million for the University , exceeding the initial goal by over $ 3 million .
[ http://www1.wnec.edu/news/index.cfm?selection=doc.2507&DCIid=12991 This , $ 40 million addition to campus will house the administrative functions of the School of Pharmacy , and state - of - the - art classrooms and laboratories supporting the School of Pharmacy and all science programs at the College . It is the largest building project in the history of the College .	[ http://www1.wne.edu/news/index.cfm?selection=doc.2507&DCIid=12991 This , $ 40 million addition to campus will house the administrative functions of the College of Pharmacy , and state - of - the - art classrooms and laboratories supporting the College of Pharmacy and all science programs at the University . It is the largest building project in the history of the University .
The College has delivered its signature quality to a larger undergraduate student body during his time as president .	The University has delivered its signature quality to a larger undergraduate student body during his time as president .
President Caprio is also spearheading the creation of the Western New England University College of Pharmacy , the first new College at the University in 41 years . Complementing the College of Pharmacy is a new Center for the Science and Pharmacy .	President Caprio has spearheaded the creation of the Western New England University College of Pharmacy , the first new College at the University in 41 years . Complementing the College of Pharmacy is a new Center for the Science and Pharmacy .
[ http://www1.wne.edu/news/index.cfm?selection=doc.2507&DCIid=12991 This , $ 40 million addition to campus will house the administrative functions of the College of Pharmacy , and state - of - the - art classrooms and laboratories supporting the College of Pharmacy and all science programs at the University . It is the largest building project in the history of the University .	[ http://www1.wne.edu/news/index.cfm?selection=doc.2507&DCIid=12991 This , $ 40 million addition to campus houses the administrative functions of the College of Pharmacy , and state - of - the - art classrooms and laboratories supporting the College of Pharmacy and all science programs at the University . It was the largest building project in the history of the University .
According to SI , Andersen , 27 , had been the lover of handball legend Anja Anderson after they won the gold for Denmark in 1996 .	According to SI , Andersen , 27 , had been the lover of handball legend Anja Andersen after they won the gold for Denmark in 1996 .
After her split from Camilla Andersen she began a relationship with male snowboarder Terje Haakonsen , who was the world 's top snowboarder in the 1990s .	After her divorce from Andersen , she began a relationship with male snowboarder Terje Haakonsen , who was the world 's top snowboarder in the 1990s .
After her divorce from Andersen , she began a relationship with male snowboarder Terje Haakonsen , who was the world 's top snowboarder in the 1990s .	After her divorce from Andersen , she married and had a child with male snowboarder Terje Haakonsen , who was the world 's top snowboarder in the 1990s .
Hundvin has been named by one publication as Norway 's sexiest woman , but is now more known as " the bitter MILF " as she takes out her boredom a lack of fame on other and often younger celebrities .	Hundvin has been named by one publication as Norway 's sexiest woman , but is now more known as " the Bitter Dyke MILF " as she takes out her boredom and lack of fame on other and often younger female celebrities .
She was part of national teams that won the World Women 's Handball Championship in 1999 , the European Women 's Handball Championship in 1998 and Olympic bronze in 2000 Hundvin scored the game - winner as Norway beat South Korea , 22 - 21 .	She was part of national teams that won the European Women 's Handball Championship in 1998 , the World Women 's Handball Championship in 1999,and Olympic bronze in 2000 Hundvin scored the game - winner as Norway beat South Korea , 22 - 21 .
She became pregnant by partner Terje Haakonsen in 2003 , which interrupted her playing for the Danish team Aalborg .	She became pregnant by partner Terje Haakonsen in 2003 , which interrupted her playing for the Danish team Aalborg DH .
She starred in an episode in the Danish sit - com " Langt fra Las Vegas " .	In 2002 she starred in an episode in the Danish sit - com " Langt fra Las Vegas " .
The episode is also called " Mia Hundvin " .	The episode is called " Mia Hundvin " .
Moving iron speakers suffer the following defects :	Undamped moving iron speakers suffer the following defects :
The sound of moving iron speakers has an unmistakable character that is clearly from the early days of radio with its crude technology , but no - one I 've shared this sound with has been willing to tolerate it for long .	The sound of these moving iron speakers has an unmistakable character that is clearly from the early days of radio with its crude technology , but no - one I 've shared this sound with has been willing to tolerate it for long .
Moving iron transducers used in heaphones normally have no attached loading ( no cone , no horn , no disc ) .	Moving iron transducers used in headphones normally have no attached loading ( no cone , no horn , no disc ) .
Chamber Loading .	Chamber loading .
This simple method of operation produced copious amounts of second harmonic distortion and intermodulation distortion .	This simple method of operation produced copious amounts of second harmonic and intermodulation distortion .
Inductor Dynamic Speaker .	Inductor dynamic speaker .
The Inductor Dynamic Speaker solved the worst problems of earlier moving iron types , and provided a more pleasant listening experience .	The " inductor dynamic speaker " solved the worst problems of earlier moving iron types , and provided a more pleasant listening experience .
It 's only practical to make small drivers with this technology , as large diaphragms have too much weight for passable treble response .	It is only practical to make small drivers with this technology , as large diaphragms have too much weight for passable treble response .
The main defect of ID speakers was poor treble response , giving them a charactistic dull drone .	The main defect of ID speakers was poor treble response , giving them a characteristic dull drone .
( The earliest morse - only radio receivers used a sounding board & solenoid ) .	( The earliest morse - only radio receivers used a sounding board and solenoid . )
They are still used today in some miniature speakers where small size and low cost are more important than best sound quality .	They are still used today in some miniature speakers where small size and low cost are more important than sound quality .
The coil wraps round the permanent magnet to form a solenoid .	The coil is wound around the permanent magnet to form a solenoid .
When an Audio signal is applied to the coil , the strength of the magnetic field varies , and the springy diaphragm or reed moves in response to the varying force on it .	When an audio signal is applied to the coil , the strength of the magnetic field varies , and the springy diaphragm or reed moves in response to the varying force on it .
Old undamped moving iron speakers have a characteristic sound , with probably the worst technical specs of any known type of speaker usable for speech .	Old undamped moving iron speakers have a characteristic sound , with probably the worst sound quality of any known type of speaker usable for speech .
Moving iron speakers were standard equipment on most pre - war radio sets ( 1910s to 1930s ) .	Moving iron speakers were standard equipment on most pre - World War 1 radio sets ( 1910s to 1930s ) .
Moving iron horn loudspeakers developed from earphones after the first amplifying device which could power a speaker , the triode vacuum tube , was perfected around 1913 .	Moving iron horn loudspeakers developed from earphones after the first amplifying device which could drive a speaker , the triode vacuum tube , was perfected around 1913 .
He was born at sea on 12 December 1881 and served in the Boer War with Royal Fusiliers and the Imperial Light Horse , returning to Britain after being seriously wounded .	He was born at sea on 12 December 1881 and served in the Boer War with the Royal Fusiliers and the Imperial Light Horse , returning to Britain after being seriously wounded .
William George Foster GC MC DCM ( 12 December 1881 – 13 September 1942 ) was a British Home Guard officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross for the heroism he displayed on 13 September 1942 when his prompt actions saved his comrades after a grenade accident during training in Ashley Hill , Clarendon Park near Salisbury in Wiltshire .	William George Foster , ( 12 December 1880 – 13 September 1942 ) was a British Home Guard officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross for the heroism he displayed on 13 September 1942 when his prompt actions saved his comrades after a grenade accident during training in Ashley Hill , Clarendon Park near Salisbury in Wiltshire .
He was medically discharged in 1902 , but rejoined the army during World War I.	He was medically discharged in 1902 , but rejoined the army during the First World War .
He served with the 4th Battalion , Royal Fusiliers and fought at Mons and Ypres , being mentioned in dispatches three times .	He served with the 4th Battalion , Royal Fusiliers and fought at Mons and Ypres , being mentioned in despatches three times .
He was commissioned in 1916 and retired in 1920 as a Captain .	He was commissioned in 1916 and retired in 1920 as a captain .
In the Second World War he joined the 7th Wiltshire ( Salisbury ) Battalion of the Home Guard as a Lieutenant .	In the Second World War he joined the 7th Wiltshire ( Salisbury ) Battalion of the Home Guard as a lieutenant .
The resulting Kriegslokomotiven had a low axleload of 15 tons and could haul 40 % more freight than the Prüßen locomotives they replaced .	The resulting Kriegslokomotiven had a low axleload of 15 tons and could haul 40 % more freight than the Preußen locomotives they replaced .
The Kriegslokomotiven were German war locomotives produced in large numbers during the Second World War , whose construction was tailored to the economic circumstances of wartime Germany , such as shortages of materials , goods transportation ( in support of military logistics ) , ease of maintenance under difficult conditions , resistance to extreme weather , limited life and rapid , cheap , mass production .	Kriegslokomotiven were German ' war locomotives ' , produced in large numbers during the Second World War , whose construction was tailored to the economic circumstances of wartime Germany , such as shortages of materials , goods transportation ( in support of military logistics ) , ease of maintenance under difficult conditions , resistance to extreme weather , limited life and rapid , cheap , mass production .
Kriegslokomotiven were German ' war locomotives ' , produced in large numbers during the Second World War , whose construction was tailored to the economic circumstances of wartime Germany , such as shortages of materials , goods transportation ( in support of military logistics ) , ease of maintenance under difficult conditions , resistance to extreme weather , limited life and rapid , cheap , mass production .	Kriegslokomotive were German ' war locomotives ' , produced in large numbers during the Second World War , whose construction was tailored to the economic circumstances of wartime Germany , such as shortages of materials , goods transportation ( in support of military logistics ) , ease of maintenance under difficult conditions , resistance to extreme weather , limited life and rapid , cheap , mass production .
The " Kriegslokomotiven " were kept as technically simple as possible and the use of imported materials ( particularly copper ) was generally avoided .	The " Kriegslokomotiven " were kept as technically simple as possible and the use of scarce materials ( particularly copper ) was generally avoided .
The 1988–89 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Philadelphia Flyers 22nd season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	The 1988–89 Philadelphia Flyers season was the Philadelphia Flyers ' 22nd season in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
" Note : GP = Games Played	" Note : GP = Games played
TOI = Time On Ice ( minutes )	TOI = Time on ice ( minutes )
OT = Overtime / Shootout Losses	OT = Overtime / shootout losses
GA = Goals Against	GA = Goals against
Sv% = Save percentage	SV% = Save percentage
GAA = Goals Against Average "	GAA = Goals against average "
W = Wins	L = Losses
L = Losses	T = Ties
LW = Left wing	LW = Left Wing
RW = Right wing )	RW = Right Wing )
She took part in the Expédition d'Irlande , an attempt at landing an army in Ireland , before being condemned and broken up in Brest .	In December 1796 she took part in the Expédition d'Irlande , an attempt at landing an army in Ireland , before being condemned and broken up in Brest .
In December 1796 she took part in the Expédition d'Irlande , an attempt at landing an army in Ireland , before being condemned and broken up in Brest .	In December 1796 she took part in the Expédition d'Irlande , an attempt at landing an army in Ireland , before being struck and broken up in Brest .
Urbanus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( born May 1489 in Langenargen - 23 May 1541 in Celle ) was Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .	Urbanus Henricus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( born May 1489 in Langenargen - 23 May 1541 in Celle ) was Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .
Urbanus Henricus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( born May 1489 in Langenargen - 23 May 1541 in Celle ) was Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .	Urbanus Henricus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( born May 1489 in Langenargen - 23 May 1541 in Celle ) was Protestant Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .
Urbanus Henricus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( May 1489 , Langenargen – 23 May 1541 , Celle ) was a Protestant Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .	Urbanus Henricus Rhegius or Urban Rieger ( May 1489 , in Langenargen – 23 May 1541 , in Celle ) was a Protestant Reformer who was active both in Northern and Southern Germany in order to promote " Lutheran unity " in the Holy Roman Empire .
His fina;l role was as superintendent of the Duchy of Luneberg .	His final role was as superintendent of the Duchy of Luneberg .
Augsburg then invited him to return as preacher for the Carmelite Chapel of St Anne .	Augsburg then invited him to return as preacher for the Carmelite Church of St Anne .
From 1527 he began publishing pamphlets against the AnabaptismZAnabaptist Movement .	From 1527 he began publishing pamphlets against the Anabaptist Movement .
In 1519 he went to Konstanz where he befriended Johann Fabri , who encouraged him to train as a preacher , and after brief studies at Tubingen , in 1520 he became a Catholic priest in Augsburg , replacing Johannes Oecolampadius who had left to join the Reform Movement .	In 1519 he went to Konstanz where he befriended Johann Fabri , who encouraged him to train as a preacher , and after brief studies at Tübingen , in 1520 he became a Catholic priest in Augsburg , replacing Johannes Oecolampadius who had left to join the Reform Movement .
Its launch has not been scheduled , and is still in the planning stages within the ESA 's " Technology Reference Studies " .	Its launch has not been scheduled , and it is still in the planning stages within the ESA 's " Technology Reference Studies " .
The JEO is not to be confused with the Europa Orbiter , a NASA mission to Europa which was cancelled .	The JEO is not to be confused with the Europa Orbiter , a NASA mission to Europa which was canceled .
The Jovian Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) is a future mission by the European Space Agency to Jupiter 's moon Europa .	Link title The Jovian Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) is a future mission by the European Space Agency to Jupiter 's moon Europa .
The JEO is not to be confused with the Jupiter Europa Orbiter which is part of the Europa Jupiter System Mission or with Europa Orbiter , a NASA mission to Europa which was canceled .	The JEO should not to be confused with the Jupiter Europa Orbiter which is part of the Europa Jupiter System Mission or with Europa Orbiter , a NASA mission to Europa which was canceled .
The Jovian Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) is a feasibility study by the European Space Agency for a mission to Jupiter 's moon Europa .	The Jovian Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) was a feasibility study by the European Space Agency for a mission to Jupiter 's moon Europa .
Augustin Kontchou Kouomegni ( born 1945 ) is a Cameroonan politician .	Augustin Kontchou Kouomegni ( born 1945 ) is a Cameroonian politician .
He served as Minister of Information until he was appointed Minister of Communication in the government named on April 9 1992	He served as Minister of Information until he was appointed Minister of Communication and Government Spokesman in the government named on April 9 1992
He was first appointed to the government as Minister of Information and Culture in 1990 .	He was first appointed to the government as Minister of Information and Culture on 7 December 1990 .
On September 2 , 2005 , Kontchou was appointed as President of the Council of Administration of the University of Douala	On September 2 , 2005 , Kontchou was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the University of Douala
Kontchou remained President of the Council of Administration for over three years before Biya dismissed him in late December 2008 .	Kontchou remained Chairman of the Board of Directors for over three years before Biya dismissed him in late December 2008 .
celta may refer to :	Celta may refer to :
It catalyzes the cis - dehydration of 3-Dehydroquinate thru a covalent imine intermediate .	It catalyzes the cis - dehydration of 3-Dehydroquinate via a covalent imine intermediate .
CKXC is a new Canadian radio station that is schedualed to launch at 93.5 FM in Kingston , Ontario soon .	CKXC is a new Canadian radio station that is scheduled to launch at 93.5 FM in Kingston , Ontario soon .
K - Rock 105.7 Inc. already ownes CIKR - FM in Kingston .	K - Rock 105.7 Inc. already owns CIKR - FM in Kingston .
In late November 2008 , Rogers Broadcasting announced it would acquire the remainder of the ownership group , pending CRTC approval	In late November 2008 , Rogers announced it would acquire the remainder of the ownership group , pending CRTC approval
The station broadcast a country music format and branded as Kix 93.5 .	The station broadcast a country music format branded as Kix 93.5 .
The station received CRTC approval on August 28 , 2007 to operate a new english - language FM radio station at Kingston .	The station received CRTC approval on August 28 , 2007 to operate a new english - language FM radio station in Kingston .
The station received CRTC approval on August 28 , 2007 to operate a new english - language FM radio station in Kingston .	The station received CRTC approval on August 28 , 2007 to operate a new English - language FM radio station in Kingston .
CKXC - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 93.5 FM in Kingston , Ontario owned by Rogers Media .	CKXC - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 93.5 FM in Kingston , Ontario owned by Rogers Sports & Media .
The protein uses NAD to catalyze the reaction .	The protein uses NAD+ to catalyze the reaction .
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases , specifically those carbon - oxygen lyases acting on phosphates .	3-dehydroquinate synthase belongs to the family of lyases , specifically those carbon - oxygen lyases acting on phosphates .
It does not matter if the info includes info about people like Hitler .	It does not matter if the page includes info about people like Hitler .
this contradicts itself .	This category contradicts itself .
It covers the archives that match User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2006 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007a , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007 template	It covers the archives that match User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2006 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007a , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007
Report generated at 16:33 , 29 January 2008 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 16:29 , 3 February 2008 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 15:31 , 31 March 2008 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 03:30 , 1 April 2008 ( UTC ) by
It covers the archives that match User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2006 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007a , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2008 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality / May 2008	It covers the archives that match User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2006 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007a , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2007 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality/2008 , User talk : Treelo / Archival Quality / May_2008
Report generated at 00:30 , 31 August 2008 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 00:41 , 6 September 2008 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 01:20 , 27 November 2008 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 01:22 , 2 December 2008 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 11:42 , 26 February 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 12:09 , 5 March 2009 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 23:48 , 31 March 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 23:43 , 3 April 2009 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 11:42 , 21 April 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 23:38 , 5 May 2009 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 23:39 , 25 May 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 23:40 , 1 June 2009 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 23:37 , 23 July 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 23:42 , 4 August 2009 ( UTC ) by
Report generated at 23:52 , 28 October 2009 ( UTC ) by	Report generated at 23:49 , 3 November 2009 ( UTC ) by
Only one transclusion , on Philip J. Fry which was made on December 20 , 2006 , without any reply .	Only one transclusion , on , which was made on December 20 , 2006 , without any reply .
It is less informative that delete this tempate to keep it , of course it is not complete but not all municipalities in Paris metro area or Aire urbaine are listed in the english version of Wikipedia .	It is less informative to delete this tempate than keep it , of course it is not complete but not all municipalities in Paris metro area " or Aire urbaine " are listed in the english version of Wikipedia .
[ [ Young dru}}.	Vandalism warning .
Major John Alexander Fraser GC MC and Bar ( 1895 or 1896–29 October 1943 ) was a British colonial officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross , the highest British ( and Commonwealth ) award for bravery out of combat , for his " magnificent conduct " and " outstanding courage " in resisting Japanese torture during the Second World War .	Major John Alexander Fraser GC MC and Bar ( 1896–29 October 1943 ) was a British colonial officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross , the highest British ( and Commonwealth ) award for bravery out of combat , for his " magnificent conduct " and " outstanding courage " in resisting Japanese torture during the Second World War .
He later commanded a machine gun company , with the acting rank of major , and was permitted to retain that rank when he was demobilised .	He later commanded a machine gun company , with the acting rank of major , and was permitted to retain that rank when he was demobilized .
As Nine Inch Nails reached the conclusion of their performance , and as the stage - crew commenced working behind a large backdrop preparing for Bowie 's performance , the band continued with David Bowie performing " Subterraneans " , " Warszawa " , " Hallo Spaceboy " and " Scary Monsters ( and Super Creeps ) " , followed by two Nine Inch Nails songs " Reptile " and " Hurt " after which Bowie continued with his own set .	As Nine Inch Nails reached the conclusion of their performance , and as the stage - crew commenced working behind a large backdrop preparing for Bowie 's performance , the band continued with David Bowie performing " Subterraneans " , " Hallo Spaceboy " and " Scary Monsters ( and Super Creeps ) " , followed by two Nine Inch Nails songs " Reptile " and " Hurt " after which Bowie continued with his own set .
The 13 December 1995 performance at the National Exhibition Centre ( Hall 5 ) - Birmingham , England , billed as the " Big Twix Mix Show " with Alanis Morissette and the Lightning Seeds supporting was filmed by BBC TV with excerpts broadcast at a later date .	The 13 December 1995 performance at the National Exhibition Centre ( Hall 5 ) - Birmingham , England , billed as the " Big Twix Mix Show " with Alanis Morissette , Lightning Seeds and Echobelly supporting was filmed by BBC TV with excerpts broadcast at a later date .
The Outside Tour , with David Bowie and Nine Inch Nails co - headlining , opened on 14 September 1995 at Meadows Music Theatre - Hartford , CT with Prick as support band .	The Dissonance Tour with David Bowie and Nine Inch Nails co - headlining , opened on 14 September 1995 at Meadows Music Theatre - Hartford , CT with Prick as support band .
The Outside Tour was a tour by rock musician David Bowie , opening on 14 September 1995 at Meadows Music Theatre – Hartford , Connecticut .	The Outside Tour was a tour by English rock musician David Bowie , opening on 14 September 1995 at Meadows Music Theatre – Hartford , Connecticut .
An official live recording from the tour , " David Bowie Ouvre le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) " will be released in July 2020 .	An official live recording from the tour , " David Bowie Ouvre le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) " was released in July 2020 .
Dallas , Texas ( " Ouvre le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) ) " .	Dallas , Texas ( " Ouvrez le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) ) " .
The 13 October 1995 show , recorded at the Starplex Amphitheater in Dallas Texas , was released on music streaming platforms as " David Bowie Ouvre le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) " in July 2020 and on CD and vinyl on 30 October 2020 .	The 13 October 1995 show , recorded at the Starplex Amphitheater in Dallas Texas , was released on music streaming platforms as " David Bowie Ouvrez le Chien ( Live Dallas 95 ) " in July 2020 and on CD and vinyl on 30 October 2020 .
" Ouvre le Chien " charted at # 32 on the UK albums chart .	" Ouvrez le Chien " charted at # 32 on the UK albums chart .
La Manana , Izando After her graduation from Radcliffe College in 1966 , she went on to receive her master ’s from Brandeis University . Day , Susan	After her graduation from Radcliffe College in 1966 , she went on to receive her master ’s from Brandeis University .
She began to pull away from the WUO.Berger , Dan	She began to pull away from the WUO .
During this time , Laura worked in solidarity with the liberation movements in Zimbabwe and Azania / South Africa and Palestine . Anarchist Black Cross Federation	During this time , Laura worked in solidarity with the liberation movements in Zimbabwe and Azania / South Africa and Palestine .
From 1982 to 1985 , a series of bombings were attributed to the May 19 Communist Organization , including bombings of the National War College , the Washington Navy Yard Computing Center , the Israeli Aircraft Industries Building , New York City 's South African Consulate , the Washington Navy Yard Officers ' Club , New York City 's Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , and the United States Capitol Building . Wikipedia	From 1982 to 1985 , a series of bombings were attributed to the May 19 Communist Organization , including bombings of the National War College , the Washington Navy Yard Computing Center , the Israeli Aircraft Industries Building , New York City 's South African Consulate , the Washington Navy Yard Officers ' Club , New York City 's Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , and the United States Capitol Building .
She was charged with “ conspiracy to oppose , protest and change the policies and practices of the United States government in domestic and international matters by violence and illegal means”Whitehorn , Laura .	She was charged with “ conspiracy to oppose , protest and change the policies and practices of the United States government in domestic and international matters by violence and illegal means ” .
On August 6 , 1999 Laura Whithorn was released on parole after serving just over 14 years in prison . Day , Susan	On August 6 , 1999 Laura Whithorn was released on parole after serving just over 14 years in prison .
Transfer Mode .	Asynchronous Transfer Mode .
Martin De Prycker ( 1955 ) is Chief executive officer of Barco	Martin De Prycker ( 1955 ) is Chief executive officer at Barco
Datuk Seri Lau Ngan siew was borned on 1943 in Sandakan , Sabah , Malaysia .	Datuk Seri Lau Ngan siew was born in 1943 in Sandakan , Sabah , Malaysia .
" A taleof one man 's perpetual quest of little or no importance , his battle against licentious and regularly deviant beasts , packed full of meaningless and benevolent adjectives ! "	" A tale of one man 's perpetual quest of little or no importance , his battle against licentious and regularly deviant beasts , packed full of meaningless and benevolent adjectives ! "
This is a legitimate second account of that I use for work using WP : AWB .	This is a legitimate second account of that I use for work using .
I feel her criminal events would fit better in the article and just a person infobox would be fairer representation of her life as a whole .. and the photo with the crime number .. the article could at the moment be called sheelas criminal conviction and is n't it soposed to be a biography .. ?	I feel her criminal events would fit better in the article and just a person infobox would be fairer representation of her life as a whole .. and the photo with the crime number .. the article could at the moment be called sheelas criminal conviction and is n't it supposed to be a biography .. ?
I also dispute this Chicago_Sun - Timesis the kind of source that is reliable , verifiable or that it could claim to have a	I also dispute this Chicago Sun Times is the kind of source that is reliable , verifiable or that it could claim to have a
Penny was admitted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1996 .	Dean was admitted to the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1996 .
Penny was forced to give up competition in the early 1980s , when her doctors told her to stop all exercise as years of swimming had taken its toll on her body .	Dean was forced to give up competition in the early 1980s , when her doctors told her to stop all exercise as years of swimming had taken its toll on her body .
Dean was forced to give up competition in the early 1980s , when her doctors told her to stop all exercise as years of swimming had taken its toll on her body .	Dean was forced to give up competition in the early 1980s , when her doctors urged her to stop all exercise as years of swimming had taken its toll on her body .
For the majority of her commissions active service was in the Mediterranean Sea , but she also served in the Black Sea during the Crimean War ( 1853 - 1856 ) , and after being converted to a steam and screw propelled vessel , served in China as the flagship of Vice - Admiral Henry Keppel , commanded by captain Algernon Heneage from 21 January 1867 .	The majority of her commissions saw active service in the Mediterranean Sea , but she also served in the Black Sea during the Crimean War ( 1853 - 1856 ) , and after being converted to a steam and screw propelled vessel , served in China as the flagship of Vice - Admiral Henry Keppel , commanded by captain Algernon Heneage from 21 January 1867 .
Captains who commanded the " Rodney " .	Captains who commanded " Rodney " .
Thyroid hormone receptor beta ( TR - beta ) also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 1 , group A , member 2 ( NR1A2 ) , is a nuclear receptor protein that in humans is encoded by the " THRA " gene .	Thyroid hormone receptor beta ( TR - beta ) also known as nuclear receptor subfamily 1 , group A , member 2 ( NR1A2 ) , is a nuclear receptor protein that in humans is encoded by the " THRB " gene .
This enzyme 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin synthaseis encoded by the PTS gene .	This enzyme 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin synthase is encoded by the PTS gene .
It is comprised of identical subunits formed from a dimer of trimers .	It is composed of identical subunits formed from a dimer of trimers .
It has also been found that in higher species 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin synthase ( PTPS ) can undergo post - translational modificion .	It has also been found that in higher species 6-pyruvoyltetrahydropterin synthase ( PTPS ) can undergo post - translational modification .
Issue that keep coming up in this debate .	Issue that keeps coming up in this debate .
I just cited this policy in an AfD , claiming that any show with a regular series broadcast on BBC One or BBC Two , particularly before about 1990 , is inherently notable .	I just cited this essay in an AfD , claiming that any show with a regular series broadcast on BBC One or BBC Two , particularly before about 1990 , is inherently notable .
Television Seasons .	Television seasons .
It replaced the halftrack OT-810 , that with a few modifications was identical with the German Sd Kfz 251 from the Second World War .	It replaced the halftrack OT-810 , that with a few modifications was identical with the German SdKfz 251 from the Second World War .
It replaced the halftrack OT-810 , that with a few modifications was identical with the German SdKfz 251 from the Second World War .	It was to replace the halftrack OT-810 , that with a few modifications was identical with the German SdKfz 251 from the Second World War .
In 1961 the first sample series were built and starting from October 1963 the vehicles were built in Lublin with FSC ( Fabryka Samochodów Ciężarowych ) .	In 1961 the first sample series were built and starting from October 1963 the vehicles were built in Lublin by FSC ( Fabryka Samochodów Ciężarowych ) .
It is an armoured version of the Tatra T813 8x8 truck but later versions were based on the tatra T815 .	It is an armoured version of the Tatra T813 8x8 truck but later versions were based on the Tatra T815 .
The OT-64 had a ABC protection facility and a night - vision equipment .	The OT-64 had a NBC protection facility and a night - vision equipment .
The OT-64 SKOT ( Czech acronym for : " Střední Kolový Obrněný Transportér " , and/or Polish Średni " Kołowy Transporter Opancerzony " ) is an amphibious armored personnel carrier ( 8×8 ) , developed jointly by Poland and Czechoslovakia ( ČSSR ) well into the 1960s .	The OT-64 SKOT ( Czech acronym for : " Střední Kolový Obrněný Transportér " , and/or Polish Średni " Kołowy Opancerzony Transporter " ) is an amphibious armored personnel carrier ( 8×8 ) , developed jointly by Poland and Czechoslovakia ( ČSSR ) well into the 1960s .
A total number of vehicle produced for Polish Army , Czechoslovak Army and for export is 4,500 .	A total number of vehicles produced for the Polish Army , the Czechoslovak Army and for export is 4,500 .
( Note that the other armoured Tatra T813 was the RM-70 122 mm multiple rocket launcher system based on the T813 chassis and only its cabin was only lightly armored plated . )	( Note that the other armoured Tatra T813 was the RM-70 122 mm multiple rocket launcher system based on the T813 chassis , the cabin is lightly armor plated . )
The OT-64 had a NBC protection facility and a night - vision equipment .	The OT-64 had an NBC protection facility and a night - vision equipment .
The engines by Tatra , transmission by Praga Hostivař , the Poland produced the armoured hull and weapons .	The engines by Tatra , transmission by Praga , the Poland produced the armoured hull and weapons .
The OT-64 is based on the Tatra T813 using the V8 T138 family based engine instead of the T813 uses V12 engine .	The OT-64 is based on the Tatra T813 using the aircooled V8 T138 family based engine instead of the Tatra T813 uses V12 engine .
OT-64 uses 5 speed planetary gearbox built by Praga under license from Wilson ( preselected gear changes when driver declutches ) while the T813 uses a 5 speed synchronised gearbox coupled to 2 speed aux splitter gearbox and low range planetary power divider .	OT-64 uses 5 speed planetary transmission built by Praga under license from Wilson ( preselected gear changes when driver declutches ) while the T813 uses a 5 speed synchronised gearbox coupled to 2 speed auxilliary splitter gearbox and low range planetary power divider .
( Note that the other armoured Tatra T813 was the RM-70 122 mm multiple rocket launcher system based on the T813 chassis , the cabin is lightly armor plated . )	( Note that the other armoured Tatra T813 was the RM-70 122 mm multiple rocket launcher system based on the Tatra T813 chassis , the cabin is lightly armor plated . )
The OT-64 was air - transportable and buoyant .	The OT-64 was air - transportable and amphibious .
To the swimming drive the vehicle used two screws installed at the tail .	For the amphibious drive the vehicle used two screws installed at the back .
The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both Polish and Czechoslovakian army and many are still in use today .	The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both Polish and Czechoslovak army and many are still in use today .
For the amphibious drive the vehicle used two screws installed at the back .	For the amphibious drive the vehicle used two propelers installed at the back .
The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both Polish and Czechoslovak army and many are still in use today .	The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both Polish and Czechoslovak Army and many are still in use today .
The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both Polish and Czechoslovak Army and many are still in use today .	The first production vehicles were delivered in 1964 to both the Polish Army and Czechoslovak Army and many are still in use today .
The engine was produced by Tatra and the semiautomatic transmission(shift now , transfer gear by pushing clutch later ) by Praga .	The engine was produced by Tatra and the semiautomatic transmission ( shift now , transfer gear by pushing clutch later ) by Praga .
The drive then passes to an auxillary gearbox with low , neutral and high ratios which needs to be selected before moving off , for road / neutral / off road use , this gives option to the driver of 10 forward and 2 reverse ratios .	The drive then passes to an auxiliary gearbox with low , neutral and high ratios which needs to be selected before moving off , for road / neutral / off road use , this gives option to the driver of 10 forward and 2 reverse ratios .
The gear change pedal is hydraulic and on action opens a air valve which causes the selected gear to engage .	The gear change pedal is hydraulic and on action opens an air valve which causes the selected gear to engage .
SKOT belonged in the 60s and 70s , to the best of what was in the category of wheeled armored vehicles produced .	SKOT belonged in the 1960s and 1970s , to the best of what was in the category of wheeled armored vehicles produced .
During the 90s , Slovakia purchased hundreds of these units from the Czech Republic ( 150 in 1994 , 100 in 1998 ) .	During the 1990s , Slovakia purchased hundreds of these units from the Czech Republic ( 150 in 1994 , 100 in 1998 ) .
Secretary of Defense Charles Erwin Wilson — also a member of the Honorary Committee of the Exhibition — arranged for the use of the " General M. M. Patrick " for the exhibit , the only international art exhibition ever so supported by the Defense Department .	Secretary of Defense Charles Erwin Wilson — a member of the Honorary Committee for the exhibition — arranged for the use of the " General M. M. Patrick " for the exhibit , the only international art exhibition ever to receive such support by the Defense Department .
Between 19 February and 6 March she carried more troops from Seatle to Hawaii and returned sailors to San Francisco .	Between 19 February and 6 March she carried more troops from Seattle to Hawaii and returned sailors to San Francisco .
She may have been scrapped in 1975 , or as of 2007 , be awaiting disposal from the NDRF at Suisun Bay .	She may have been scrapped in 1975 , or , be awaiting disposal from the NDRF at Suisun Bay .
April 15th 2010 ship headed to San Fransisco for preparation to go through the Panama Canal to Texas for Scrap	April 15th 2010 ship headed to San Francisco for preparation to go through the Panama Canal to Texas for Scrappage .
Bigger and t better than Arise Records and Locomotive Music .	Bigger and better than Arise Records and Locomotive Music .
It began in the Spanish market , but once it gained an important place within this one , it has launched itself internationally .	It started in the Spanish market , but once it gained an important place within this one , it launched itself internationally .
Avispa is music label from Spain specialized in Heavy Metal .	Avispa is a music label from Spain specialized in Heavy Metal .
Avispa ( or Avispa Music ) is a music label from Spain specialized in Heavy Metal .	Avispa ( or Avispa Music ) is a record label from Spain specialized in Heavy metal .
Avispa ( or Avispa Music per the URL ) is a record label from Spain specialized in Heavy metal .	Avispa ( or Avispa Music per the URL ) is a record label from Spain specializing in heavy metal
When it was new , it was limited to the Spanish market , but launched itself internationally once it had established itself .	When it was new , it was limited to the Spanish market , but launched itself internationally once it had established
Payne enrolled in early 1861 as a private and participated in the occupation of Harper 's Ferry in April .	Payne enrolled in early 1861 as a private and participated in the occupation of Harpers Ferry in April .
William Henry Fitzhugh Payne ( January 27 , 1830 – March 29 , 1904 ) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .	William Henry Fitzhugh Payne ( January 27 , 1830 – March 29 , 1904 ) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Wikipedia 's content presentation is governed by three principal core policies : , , and .	Wikipedia 's content is governed by three principal core policies : , , and .
As a more diverse group of editors were drawn to Wikipedia , it became clear that other topics besides physics , such as politics , religion , and history , were attracting original research , and the community sought a more systematic way to define original research and to guide editors in avoiding it .	As a more diverse group of editors was drawn to Wikipedia , it became clear that other topics besides physics , such as politics , religion , and history , were attracting original research , and the community sought a more systematic way to define original research and to guide editors in avoiding it .
Wikipedia 's content is governed by three principal core policies : , , and .	Wikipedia 's content is governed by three principal core : , , and .
Wikipedia 's content policies have been subject of academic studies and have garnered many books which have discussed the topic .	Wikipedia 's content policies have been the subject of academic studies and have garnered many books which have discussed the topic .
The original motivation for NOR was to prevent editors from introducing fringe views in science , especially physics — or from excluding verifiable views that , in the judgement of editors , were incorrect .	The original motivation for NOR was to prevent editors from introducing in science , especially physics — or from excluding verifiable views that , in the judgement of editors , were incorrect .
Info part .	Intro part .
In this direction you are heading towards Angel , King 's Cross , St Pancras , Euston or just off the A1200 route head towards Holloway and Archway which is considered as the link road between London and the NOrth of the country and therefore from Highbury Corner is known as the A1 .	In this direction you are heading towards Angel , King 's Cross , St Pancras , Euston or just off the A1200 route head towards Holloway and Archway which is considered as the link road between London and the North of the country and therefore from Highbury Corner is known as the A1 .
Internet Boom .	Silicon Roundabout .
The roundabout is also known as the " Silicon Roundabout " due to the prominence of british web based companies .	The roundabout is also known as the " Silicon Roundabout " due to the prominence of British web based companies .
Old Street Roundabout is located on the boundary of the London Borough of Hackney and the London Borough of Islington and is an interchange system linking City of London , West London , East London and North London .	Old Street Roundabout is located on the boundary of the London Borough of Hackney and the London Borough of Islington and is an interchange system linking City of London , West London , east London and North London .
This direction heads towards East London is Old Street eastbound which goes towards the East End and into the London Borough of Hackney .	This direction heads towards east London is Old Street eastbound which goes towards the East End and into the London Borough of Hackney .
Further beyond you can end up in South London if you follow a more osuthern direction from the Square Mile across the River Thames .	Further beyond you can end up in South London if you follow a more southern direction from the Square Mile across the River Thames .
The roundabout at the junction of City Road and Old Street in London is known as Silicon Roundabout , due to the high number of web businesses located in the surrounding area .	The roundabout at the junction of City Road and Old Street in London is known as Silicon Roundabout , due to the high number of web businesses located in the immediate area ..
The original companies that were located in Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last . FM , Consolidated Independent , Tinker . IT , Berg , Trampoline Systems , Amee , Skimbit , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .	The original companies that were located in Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , Berg , Trampoline Systems , Amee , Skimbit , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .
The original companies that were located in Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , Berg , Trampoline Systems , Amee , Skimbit , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .	The original companies that were located in Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .
In addition to web companies , many other games and tech firms are located in the area , including Sports Interactive that create the Football Manager series of games .	In addition to web companies , many other games and tech firms are located in the area , including Sports Interactive ( creators the Football Manager series of games ) .
Within a few days in February 2011 alone , two cyclists were severely injured in crashes involving lorries on or very close the the roundabout .	Within a few days in February 2011 alone , two cyclists were severely injured in crashes involving lorries on or very close the roundabout .
The original companies that were located in Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .	The original companies that were located near Silicon Roundabout were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .
Cycling activists recommend cyclists to avoid Old Street Roundabout using either Leonard Street ( east - west direction ) , Bath Street ( northbound ) or Wellesley Terrace / Mora Street / Lever Street ( southbound ) .	Cycling activists recommend that cyclists avoid Old Street Roundabout , by using either Leonard Street ( east - west direction ) , Bath Street ( northbound ) or Wellesley Terrace / Mora Street / Lever Street ( southbound ) .
Amongst the first technology companies located in the area were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , TweetDeck , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , weartical.com , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo and LShift .	Amongst the first technology companies located in the area were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , TweetDeck , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , weartical.com , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo , LShift and Livemusic .
City Road heads south from the roundabout towards the City of London , and to the Moorgate and Liverpool Street railway stations .	City Road heads south from the roundabout towards the City of London and Moorgate and Liverpool Street stations .
St Agnes Well .	St. Agnes Well .
The shopping complex in the underpass at the centre of the roundabout is named St Agnes Well , after an ancient well thought to have been located about 200 metres to the east , at the junction of Old Street and Great Eastern Street .	The shopping complex in the underpass at the centre of the roundabout is named St. Agnes Well , after an ancient well thought to have been located about 200 metres to the east , at the junction of Old Street and Great Eastern Street .
Old Street Station is below Old Street Roundabout	Old Street station is located below Old Street Roundabout .
On 28 September 2011 , it was announced that Google had acquired a 7 story building just off of " Silicon Roundabout " .	On 28 September 2011 it was announced that Google had acquired a seven - storey building just off of Old Street roundabout .
In another crash with a lorry in 2008 a cyclist suffered severe leg injuries which the police described as " potentially life - changing " .	In another collision involving a lorry in 2008 a cyclist suffered severe leg injuries which the police described as " potentially life - changing " .
On 28 September 2011 it was announced that Google had acquired a seven - storey building just off of Old Street roundabout .	On 28 September 2011 it was announced that Google had acquired a seven - storey building not far from Old Street roundabout .
Amongst the first technology companies located in the area were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , TweetDeck , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , weartical.com , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo , LShift and Livemusic .	Amongst the first technology companies located in the area were Dopplr , Last.fm , Consolidated Independent , Tinker.it , TweetDeck , Berg , Trampoline Systems , AMEE , Skimbit , Fotango , weartical.com , Songkick , Techlightenment , Poke London , Kizoom , BrightLemon , Redmonk , Moo , Believe.in LShift and Livemusic .
It is served by the Bank branch of the London Underground Northern line and by First Capital Connect trains .	It is served by the Bank branch of the London Underground Northern line and by National Rail Thameslink trains .
It is sometimes known as St. Agnes Well after the shopping centre beneath it , while the area surrounding the roundabout is often colloquially known as Silicon Roundabout , owing to the prominence of British technology companies there .	It is sometimes known as St. Agnes Well after the shopping centre beneath it , while the area surrounding the roundabout is often colloquially known as Silicon Roundabout , owing to the prominence of technology companies there .
To the west of Old Street are Clerkenwell , Bloomsbury , and ( further afield ) the West End .	To the west of Old Street are Clerkenwell , Finsbury , and ( further afield ) the West End .
Old Street Roundabout is a roundabout located on the boundary of the London Borough of Hackney and the St Luke 's area of the London Borough of Islington , in central London .	Old Street Roundabout was a roundabout located on the boundary of the London Borough of Hackney and the St Luke 's area of the London Borough of Islington , in central London .
hey , this point of view on this article seems bizarre for these reasons " lists reasons and references from original research " can I leave an alternative perspective countered to the point of view in question to keep within the fair - view point policy ?	hey , this point of view on this article seems bizarre for these reasons " lists reasons and references from original research " can I leave an alternative perspective countered to the point of view in question to keep the article within the fair - view policy ?
Hey , this point of view on this article seems bizarre for these reasons " lists reasons and references from original research " can I leave an alternative perspective countered to the point of view in question to keep the article within the fair - view policy ?	Hey , this point of view on this article seems bizarre for these reasons " lists reasons and references from original research " can I leave an alternative perspective countered to the published point of view in question to keep the article within the fair - view policy ?
The fair - view policy or the No Original Research since Fair - view is left at a " lateness disadvantage " if you consider that not every point of view will be challenged the moment it is submitted and it could take years for an article to exist addressing the weaknesses of a point of view in question .	The fair - view policy or the No Original Research since Fair - view is left at a " lateness disadvantage " if you consider that not every point of view will be challenged the moment it is submitted and it could take years for an article to exist addressing the weaknesses of the point of view in question .
In enzymology , an acetylene hydratase ( ) is a fairly rare example of an enzyme containing tungsten .	In enzymology , an acetylene hydratase ( ) is a rare example of an enzyme containing tungsten .
The " Tonnant " class was a type of eleven 80-gun ships of the line designed by Jacques - Noël Sané .	The " Tonnant " Class was a class of eight 80-gun ships of the line designed in 1787 by Jacques - Noël Sané .
From 1802 a new group ( the " Bucentaure " Class ) was begun of slightly modified design , of which more than 24 were begun .	From 1802 a new group ( the " Bucentaure " class ) was begun of slightly modified design , of which more than 24 were begun .
The dimensions of these ships ( in French " pieds " of 324.84 mm ) were 182.5 overall length , 167 ft keel length x 47.0 breadth x 23.5 depth in hold ( see Ship characteristics box for metric equivalents and those in UK / US units ) .	The dimensions of these ships ( in French " pieds " of 324.84 mm ) were 182.5 overall length , 167 keel length x 47.0 breadth x 23.5 depth in hold ( see Ship characteristics box for metric equivalents and those in UK / US units ) .
switches help control levels of ADS .	Regulatory switches help control levels of ADS .
One such pathway is sterol biosynthesis , and in fact , the enzyme synthase ( SS ) is considered a regulatory switch for ADS .	One such pathway is sterol biosynthesis , and in fact , the enzyme squalene synthase ( SS ) is considered a regulatory switch for ADS .
When SS , which reduces SS mRNA , is introduced , mRNA levels of ADS dramatically increased .	When SS cDNA , which reduces SS mRNA , is introduced , mRNA levels of ADS dramatically increased .
Since enzyme substrate FPP has many uses in addition to forming amorpha-4,11-diene , these other pathways regulate ADS .	Since enzyme substrate Farnesyl pyrophosphate has many uses in addition to forming amorpha-4,11-diene , these other pathways regulate ADS .
however due to low plant tissue extraction yields and long growing seasons , alternative ways including metabolic engineering to produce Artemisinin are being considered .	however due to low plant tissue extraction yields and long growing seasons , alternative ways including metabolic engineering to produce artemisinin are being considered .
Since enzyme substrate Farnesyl pyrophosphate has many uses in addition to forming amorpha-4,11-diene , these other pathways regulate ADS .	Since enzyme substrate Farnesyl diphosphate has many uses in addition to forming amorpha-4,11-diene , these other pathways regulate ADS .
Amorpha-4 - 11-diene synthase catalyses the first step in the synthesis of antimalarial drug artemesinin by converting ubiquitous farnesyl diphosphate into the precursor amorpha-4,11-diene .	Amorpha-4 - 11-diene synthase catalyses the first step in the synthesis of antimalarial drug artemisinin by converting ubiquitous farnesyl diphosphate into the precursor amorpha-4,11-diene .
Artemesinin is naturally synthesized by the native Chinese plant " Artemisia annua "	Artemisinin is naturally synthesized by the native Chinese plant " Artemisia annua "
Scientists from the company Amyris have developed a method for high - level production of Artemisnin .	Scientists from the company Amyris have developed a method for high - level production of artemisinin .
ADS is expressed 16-fold higher in the leaves than in roots of the " Artemisia Annua " plant and 10-fold higher than in the stems showing a tissue - specific expression pattern .	ADS is expressed 16-fold higher in the leaves than in roots of the " Artemisia annua " plant and 10-fold higher than in the stems showing a tissue - specific expression pattern .
This enzyme is mainly found in " Artemisia annua " , a Chinese native flowering plant , and ADS undergoes the first committed step in the antimalarial drug artemisinin synthesis .	This enzyme is mainly found in " Artemisia annua " , a temperate Asian native flowering plant , and ADS undergoes the first committed step in the antimalarial drug artemisinin synthesis .
About 97.5 % of the products are olefins and the other 2.5 % are oxgenated sesquiterpenes .	About 97.5 % of the products are olefins and the other 2.5 % are oxygenated sesquiterpenes .
He later claimed that a visit to St. Petersburg on behalf of Cramp 's , a few years later , enabled him to find important material for his first biographical project , the life of John Paul Jones .	He later claimed that a visit to St. Petersburg in Russia on behalf of Cramp 's , a few years later , enabled him to find important material for his first biographical project , the life of John Paul Jones .
Most material in these biographies that was not plagiarised was ( as was discovered too late for many subsequent scholars ) invented .	Most material in these biographies that was not plagiarized was ( as was discovered too late for many subsequent scholars ) invented .
Augustus Caesar Buell ( 1847–1904 ) was an author , employed by a major engineering firm , who wrote several biographies of great Americans , following the success of a book about his experiences in the Civil War .	Augustus Caesar Buell ( 1847–1904 ) , employed by a major engineering firm , wrote several biographies of great Americans , following the success of a book about his experiences in the Civil War .
About the same time as this was published , Mrs Reginald de Koven produced the first detailed analysis of the fraudulent Buell technique , specifically his John Paul Jones biography .	About the same time as this was published , Mrs. Reginald de Koven produced the first detailed analysis of the fraudulent Buell technique , specifically his John Paul Jones biography .
She visited Bermuda and the Carribbean before returning to Plymouth in March 1857 .	She visited Bermuda and the Caribbean before returning to Plymouth in March 1857 .
from University of Malawi through the University of Zambia in exile .Chiapsula earned his M.A.	from the University of Malawi through the University of Zambia in exile .Chiapsula earned his M.A.
Before leaving Malawi , Chipasula worked as a freelance broadcaster for the Malawi Broadcasting Corporation while studying English and French at the university .	Before leaving Malawi , Chipasula had worked as a freelance broadcaster for the Malawi Broadcasting Corporation while studying English and French at the university .
Frank Mkalawile Chipasula ( born 16 October 1949 , Zambia ) is a Malawian writer , editor and university professor , " easily one of the best of the known writers in the discourse of Malawian letters " .	Frank Mkalawile Chipasula ( born 16 October 1949 ) is a Malawian writer , editor and university professor , " easily one of the best of the known writers in the discourse of Malawian letters " .
Born in Luanshya , Frank Chipasula attended St. Peter 's Primary School on Likoma Island , Soche Hill Day Secondary School , Malosa Secondary School , Chancellor College , University of Malawi , and , finally , the Great East Road Campus of the University of Zambia , Lusaka , where he was graduated B.A. , in exile , in 1976 .	Born in Luanshya , Zambia , Frank Chipasula attended St. Peter 's Primary School on Likoma Island , Soche Hill Day Secondary School , Malosa Secondary School , Chancellor College , University of Malawi , and , finally , the Great East Road Campus of the University of Zambia , Lusaka , where he graduated B.A. , in exile , in 1976 .
Previously a professor of Black Studies at the University of Nebraska at Omaha and Howard University , Chipasula has also worked as the education attache at the Malawian embassy in Washington , D.C. His first book,"Visions and Reflections " ( 1972 ) , is also the first published poetry volume in English by a Malawian writer .	Previously a professor of Black Studies at the University of Nebraska at Omaha and Howard University , Chipasula has also worked as the education attache at the Malawian embassy in Washington , D.C. His first book , " Visions and Reflections " ( 1972 ) , is also the first published poetry volume in English by a Malawian writer .
My site is very popular and you can found in all search and directories .	My site is very popular and you can found in all search engines and directories .
Styles like doo wop also left a sizable infuence , through Tony Pabón ( of Pete Rodríguez Band ) , Bobby Marín , King Nando , Johnny Colón and his vocalists Tony Rojas and Tito Ramos .	Styles like doo wop also left a sizable influence , through Tony Pabón ( of Pete Rodríguez Band ) , Bobby Marín , King Nando , Johnny Colón and his vocalists Tony Rojas and Tito Ramos .
These included , but were n’t limited to , Bataan , Cuba , Bobby Valentin , The Latin Souls , The Lat - Teens , Johnny Colon , Willie Colon and The Latinaires .	These included , but were n’t limited to , Bataan , Cuba , Bobby Valentin , The Latin Souls , The Lat - Teens , Johnny Colon , Willie Colón and The Latinaires .
This allowed the veteran players to make a comeback within the New York scene , culminating in the explosive success of salsa by the early 1970s which saw former giants like Puente and the Palmieri Brothers return to the top while most Latin boogaloo bands went out of business ( Joe Bataan and Willie Colon being two notable exceptions ) .	This allowed the veteran players to make a comeback within the New York scene , culminating in the explosive success of salsa by the early 1970s which saw former giants like Puente and the Palmieri Brothers return to the top while most Latin boogaloo bands went out of business ( Joe Bataan and Willie Colón being two notable exceptions ) .
Notably , the Latin boogaloo bands were mostly lead by young , sometimes even teenage musicians from New York 's Puerto Rican community .	The Latin boogaloo bands were mostly lead by young , sometimes even teenage musicians from New York 's Puerto Rican community .
According to several scholars , notably Juan Flores , jealous , older Latin music artists colluded with record labels ( in particular , Fania ) , radio DJs , and dance hall promoters to blacklist boogaloo bands from venues and radio .	According to several writers , notably Juan Flores , jealous older Latin music artists colluded with record labels ( in particular , Fania ) , radio DJs , and dance hall promoters to blacklist boogaloo bands from venues and radio .
Latin boogaloo remains extremely popular to this day in Cali , Colombia , where the genre is played extensively , along with salsa and pachanga , in various FM and AM radio stations and hundreds of dance clubs .	Latin boogaloo remains popular to this day in Cali , Colombia , where the genre is played extensively , along with salsa and pachanga , in various FM and AM radio stations and hundreds of dance clubs .
Latin boogaloo also spread throughout the larger Latin music world , especially in Puerto Rico , where top band El Gran Combo released many boogaloos .	Latin boogaloo also spread throughout the wider Latin music world , especially in Puerto Rico , where top band El Gran Combo released many boogaloos .
That included boogaloos by long - time veteran , mambo - era musicians such as Eddie Palmieri and his " Aye Que Rico " or Tito Puente 's " Hit the Bongo . "	That included boogaloos by long - time veteran , mambo - era musicians such as Eddie Palmieri and his " Aye Que Rico " or Tito Puente 's " Hit the Bongo " .
On June 12 , 1916 The Loof Hippodrome opned its doors for the firtime and public fell in love , for inside the curious looking structure was a circling menagerie of wooked animals suited to delight anyone who cared to ride upon them .	On June 12 , 1916 The Loof Hippodrome opened its doors for the first time and the public fell in love , for inside the curious looking structure was a circling menagerie of wooden animals suited to delight anyone who cared to ride upon them .
On June 12 , 1916 The Loof Hippodrome opened its doors for the first time and the public fell in love , for inside the curious looking structure was a circling menagerie of wooden animals suited to delight anyone who cared to ride upon them .	On June 12 , 1916 the Loof Hippodrome opened its doors for the first time and the public fell in love , for inside the curious - looking structure was a circling menagerie of wooden animals sure to delight anyone who cared to ride them .
The building remains a rare example of structures that used to be on the Amusement pier .	The building remains a rare example of structures that used to be on the amusement pier .
When the war ended ( WWII ) , Newcomb found himself in an enviable position .	When the war ended ( WWII ) , Walter Newcomb found himself in an enviable position .
When the war ended ( WWII ) , Walter Newcomb found himself in an enviable position .	When the war ended ( WWII ) , WalterNewcomb found himself in an enviable position .
You listed CSD G11 ( spsm ) , I think you might have meant CSD G1 .	You listed CSD G11 ( spam ) , I think you might have meant CSD G1 .
What Vandilism ?	What Vandalism ?
What was the problem ?	What was the problem exactly ?
So what was the problem ?	So what was the problem really ?
Without Edward Weeks to encourage and shape his work , he was unable to successfully write literary fiction , although he continued to play the Fauklner heir - apparent in public .	Without Edward Weeks to encourage and shape his work , he was unable to successfully write literary fiction , although he continued to play the Faulkner heir - apparent in public .
He and his family moved to Humboldt , TN .	He and his family moved to Humboldt , Tennsessee .
Beit Yosef was founded in 1937 as a Tower and stockade settlement , but it was abandoned during the Israeli War of Independence after it was severely attacked by the Jordanian and Iraqi armies .	Beit Yosef was founded in 1937 as a Tower and stockade settlement , but it was abandoned during the Israeli War of Independence after it was severely attacked by the Jordanian Arab Legion and Iraqi Army .
It is named for Yosef Aharonovitch , who was an influential figure in the " Labor movement . "	It is named for Yosef Aharonovitch , who was an influential figure in the Labor Party .
It belongs to the Beit She'an Valley Regional Council , and is located about 8 km north of Beit She'an , adjacent to Yardena .	It belongs to the Valley of Springs Regional Council , and is located about 8 km north of Beit She'an , adjacent to Yardena .
Although it was abandoned during the 1948 Arab – Israeli War after it was severely attacked by the Jordanian Arab Legion and Iraqi Army , it was re - establishhed in 1951 by immigrants from Kurdistan and Iraq .	Although it was abandoned during the 1948 Arab – Israeli War after it was severely attacked by the Jordanian Arab Legion and Iraqi Army , it was re - established in 1951 by immigrants from Kurdistan and Iraq .
In it had a population of .	As of it had a population of .
In 1537 he moved his office to Danzig ( Gdansk ) , where he in 1538 published the " Wisby'sches Waterrecht " ( water law of Visby ) , and established himself as the printer of the Council and Gymnasium of the town .	In 1537 he moved his office to Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , where he published the " Wisby'sches Waterrecht " ( water law of Visby ) in 1538 , and established himself as the printer of the council and gymnasium of the town .
Afterwards , several printers named " Rhode " were active in Danzig , probably sons of Franz : Jacob , who in 1591 printed the " Hansisches Seerecht " ( Hanseatic League sea law ) , Martin , and another , younger Jacob .	Afterwards , several printers named " Rhode " were active in Danzig , probably sons of Franz : Jacob , who in 1591 printed the " Hansisches Seerecht " ( Hanseatic sea law ) , Martin , and another , younger Jacob .
In Danzig , they were regarded as scholars , as in that time , many printer had a scientific background .	In Danzig , they were regarded as scholars , as in that time , many printers had a scientific background .
In 1537 he moved his office to Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , where he published the " Wisby'sches Waterrecht " ( water law of Visby ) in 1538 , and established himself as the printer of the council and gymnasium of the town .	In 1537 he moved his office to Danzig ( Gdańsk ) , where he published the " Wisby'sches Waterrecht " ( Maritime Law of Wisbuy ) in 1538 , and established himself as the printer of the council and gymnasium of the town .
In the 1970s he met producer Otto Bekker , and the two formed a decades - long partnership .	In the 1970s he met producer Okko Bekker , and the two formed a decades - long partnership .
the result was " Nachtstücke " , Tietchens ' 1980 offering on Sky Records .	the result was " Nachtstücke " , Tietchens ' 1980 offering on Egg Records .
In 2002 Kirpa 's GC was among the contents of a trunk stolen from his widow 's house at Bhupral , Bilaspur , Himachal Pradesh .	In 2002 Kirpa 's GC was among the contents of a trunk stolen from his widow 's house at Bhapral , Bilaspur , Himachal Pradesh .
Maurice Obstfeld and Kenneth Rogoff identifies this as one of the six major puzzles in international economics .	Maurice Obstfeld and Kenneth Rogoff identify this as one of the six major puzzles in international economics .
The Boul River is a left tributary of the river Tazlău in Romania .	The Boul is a left tributary of the river Tazlău in Romania .
Noo Trybe Records Was a label of the US branch of Virgin Records that specialized in hip hop music .	Noo Trybe Records was a label of the US branch of Virgin Records that specialized in hip hop music .
It was established in 1994 and was also the distributor of several independent labels , which included Rap - A - Lot Records .	It was established in 1994 and was also the distributor of several independent hip hop labels that included Rap - A - Lot Records .
It was established in 1994 and was also the distributor of several independent hip hop labels that included Rap - A - Lot Records .	It was established in 1994 and was also the distributor of several independent hip hop labels that included Rap - a - Lot Records .
Noo Trybe Records was a label of Virgin Records America Inc. that specialized in hip hop music .	Noo Trybe Records is a label of Virgin Records America Inc. that specialized in hip hop music .
Noo Trybe was an American hip hop record label established in 1994 and operated as a sublabel of Virgin Records .	Noo Trybe is an American hip hop record label established in 1994 and operated as a sublabel of Virgin .
It was the distributor of several independent hip hop labels including Rap - A - Lot Records and AWOL Records .	It was the distributor of several independent hip hop labels including Rap - A - Lot and AWOL .
A portion of Noo Trybe 's roster came from several artists who were absorbed from the EMI Records Group when it was disbanded , which included Gang Starr and AZ .	A portion of Noo Trybe 's roster came from several artists who were absorbed from EMI when it was disbanded , which included Gang Starr and AZ .
Vietmanese " van " ( 文 ) or " cash " is round coin with square hole .	Vietmanese " van " ( 文 ) or " cash " is cast round coin with square hole .
Hán tự : 文 ) is cast round coin with square hole .	Hán tự : 文 ) is a cast round coin with a square hole .
The last king whose name was cast on cash coins , Emperor Bảo Đại of Vietnam , died in 1997 .	The last king whose name was cast on cash coins , Emperor Bảo Đại , died in 1997 .
The same type of currency circulated in China , Japan and Korea for centuries .	The same type of currency circulated in China , Japan , Korea , and Ryūkyū for centuries .
The Nguyễn lords that ruled over Southern Vietnam had also produced their own coinage at various times as they were the " de facto " kings of the South , but as their rule was n't official it ’s currently unknown what coins can be attributed to which Nguyễn lord .	The Nguyễn lords that ruled over Southern Vietnam had also produced their own coinage at various times as they were the " de facto " kings of the South , but as their rule was n't official , it is currently unknown what coins can be attributed to which Nguyễn lord .
Though since Edouard Toda has made his list in 1882 several of the coins that he had described as “ originating from the Quảng Nam province ” have been ascribed to the Nguyễn lords that the numismatists of his time could n’t identify .	Though since Edouard Toda has made his list in 1882 several of the coins that he had described as " originating from the Quảng Nam province " have been ascribed to the Nguyễn lords that the numismatists of his time could n't identify .
The following list contains Vietnamese coins whose origins ca n't be established :	The following list contains Vietnamese coins whose origins can not be established :
Denominations up to 10 tien were minted , with the 7 tiền coins in gold and silver being similar in size and weight to the Spanish 8 real and 8 escudo pieces .	Denominations up to 10 tiền were minted , with the 7 tiền coins in gold and silver being similar in size and weight to the Spanish 8 real and 8 escudo pieces .
French : " Sapèque " ) is a cast round coin with a square hole that was an official currency of Vietnam from the Đinh dynasty in 968 until the Nguyễn dynasty in 1945 , and remained in circulation North Vietnam until 1948 .	French : " Sapèque " ) is a cast round coin with a square hole that was an official currency of Vietnam from the Đinh dynasty in 968 until the Nguyễn dynasty in 1945 , and remained in circulation in North Vietnam until 1948 .
In modern times many Vietnamese cash coins are found in sunken shipwrecks which are mendated by Vietnamese law to be the property of the Vietnamese government as salvaged ships of which the owner was unknown belong to the state .	In modern times many Vietnamese cash coins are found in sunken shipwrecks which are mandated by Vietnamese law to be the property of the Vietnamese government as salvaged ships of which the owner was unknown belong to the state .
Notable recent large finds of cash coins include 100 kilogrammes of Chinese cash coins and 35 kilogrammes of Vietnamese cash coins being unearthed in the province of Quảng Trị in 2007 , and 52.9 kilogrammes of Chinese and Vietnamese cash coins being unearthed in a cemetery in Haiphong in 2008 .	Notable recent large finds of cash coins in Vietnam include 100 kilogrammes of Chinese cash coins and 35 kilogrammes of Vietnamese cash coins being unearthed in the province of Quảng Trị in 2007 , and 52.9 kilogrammes of Chinese and Vietnamese cash coins being unearthed in a cemetery in Haiphong in 2008 .
During the almost 1000 years that Vietnamese copper cash coins were produced they often significantly changed quality , alloy , size , and workmanship , in general the coins bear the era name(s ) of the monarch ( Niên hiệu/ ) but may also be inscribed with mint marks , denominations , miscellaneous characters , and decoration .	During the almost 1000 years that Vietnamese copper cash coins were produced they often significantly changed quality , alloy , size , and workmanship , in general the coins bear the era name(s ) of the monarch ( Niên hiệu/ ) but may also be inscribed with mint marks , denominations , miscellaneous characters , and decorations .
" " indicate that the cash coin has been mentioned by historical sources but that no modern specimen has ever been recovered .	" " indicate that the cash coin has been mentioned by historical sources but that no modern authentic specimen has ever been recovered .
" " indicate that the cash coin has been mentioned by historical sources but that no modern authentic specimen has ever been recovered .	" " indicates that the cash coin has been mentioned by historical sources but that no modern authentic specimen has ever been recovered .
From 1837 under the reign of Minh Mạng 1 " Mạch " ( 陌 ) brass cash coins were issued , these coins feature Minh Mạng Thông Bảo ( 明命通寶 ) on their obverses but have 8 characters on their reverses .	From 1837 under the reign of Minh Mạng 1 " Mạch " ( 陌 ) brass cash coins were issued , these cash coins feature Minh Mạng Thông Bảo ( 明命通寶 ) on their obverses but have 8 characters on their reverses .
The last king whose name was cast on cash coins , Emperor Bảo Đại , died in 1997 .	The last monarch whose name was cast on cash coins , Emperor Bảo Đại , died in 1997 .
The local population still preferred their own Tự Đức Thông Bảo ( 嗣德通寶 ) cash coin despite it only being valued at piastre .	The local population still preferred their own Tự Đức Thông Bảo ( 嗣德通寶 ) cash coin despite it being only valued at piastre .
Soaw could refer to :	Soaw may refer to :
She entertained in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions .	She performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions .
Saharet performed at Koster & Bial 's Music Hall , 34th Street ( Manhattan ) , Herald Square , New York City , along with a troupe of whirlwind dancers , and Adele Purvis - Onri .	Saharet appeared at Koster & Bial 's Music Hall , 34th Street ( Manhattan ) , Herald Square , New York City , along with a troupe of whirlwind dancers , and Adele Purvis - Onri .
In a show billed " Gayest Manhattan " , Saharet danced a French quadrille admirably .	In a show billed " Gayest Manhattan " , Saharet admirably danced a French quadrille .
A reviewer described Saharet an " india rubber lady " with her rendition of a " dislocation dance " .	A reviewer described Saharet as an " india rubber lady " in her rendition of a " dislocation dance " .
It was called many names and was refered to as the Jardin De Paris from 1907 " - " 1911 , when Florenz Ziegfeld produced the first five Ziegfeld Follies there .	It was called many names and was referred to as the Jardin De Paris from 1907 " - " 1911 , when Florenz Ziegfeld produced the first five Ziegfeld Follies there .
A reviewer described Saharet as an " india rubber lady " in her rendition of a " dislocation dance " .	A reviewer described Saharet as an " India rubber lady " in her rendition of a " dislocation dance " .
During the week of September 5 , 1897 she returned from Europe and danced at the Olympia Roof Garden ( Jardin De Paris ) , Broadway ( Manhattan ) at 44th Street .	During the week of 5 September 1897 she returned from Europe and danced at the Olympia Roof Garden ( Jardin De Paris ) , Broadway ( Manhattan ) at 44th Street .
During her career her birth name was variously given as Clarissa or Clarice Campbell .	During her career her birth name was variously given as Clarissa Campbell or Clarice Campbell .
Saharet ( 1878–1964 ) , née Paulina Clarissa " Clarice " Molony , was an Australian - born American dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United Sates as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .	Saharet ( 1878–1964 ) , née Paulina Clarissa " Clarice " Molony , was an Australian - born American dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United States as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .
Paulina Clarissa Molony ( 23 March 1878 - 24 July 1964 ) , professionally known as Saharet , was an Australian - American dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United States as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .	Paulina Clarissa Molony ( 23 March 1878 - 24 July 1964 ) , professionally known as Saharet , was an Australian - born dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United States as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .
At the height of her fame , between 1905 and 1914 , she appeared as herself in several short films .	At the height of her fame , between 1905 and 1914 , she appeared in several German films .
They were very publicly divorced six months later .	They were divorced six months later .
Paulina Clarissa Molony ( 23 March 1878 – 24 July 1964 ) , professionally known as Saharet , was an Australian - born dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United States as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .	Paulina Clarissa Molony ( 23 March 1878 – 24 July 1964 ) , known professionally as Saharet , was an Australian - born dancer who performed in vaudeville music houses as well as in Broadway productions in the United States as well as in Europe , earning considerable fame and notoriety .
The West Indian cricket team toured Zimbabwe for five One - day Internationals in Novenmber and December 2007	The West Indian cricket team will be touring Zimbabwe for five One - day Internationals in November and December 2007 .
IN 1968 , Abernathy reported a series of visions whereby it was shown to him that the west coast of North America would be devestated by a massive earthquake .	IN 1968 , Abernathy reported a series of visions whereby it was shown to him that the west coast of North America would be devastated by a massive earthquake .
The church is led by bishops and deacons and includes in its heirarchy prophets , apostles , evangelists , and teachers .	The church is led by bishops and deacons and includes in its hierarchy prophets , apostles , evangelists , and teachers .
IN 1968 , Abernathy reported a series of visions whereby it was shown to him that the west coast of North America would be devastated by a massive earthquake .	In 1968 , Abernathy reported a series of visions whereby it was shown to him that the west coast of North America would be devastated by a massive earthquake .
Doomsday : Forever RSO is the only album by The Almighty RSO , a Rap - A - Lot Records group consisting of Benzino , DJ Deff Jeff , and E - Devious .	Doomsday : Forever RSO is the only album by The Almighty RSO , a Rap - A - Lot Records group consisting of Benzino , DJ Deff Jeff , Tony Rhome and E - Devious .
Doomsday : Forever RSO is the first full - length studio album by rap group The Almighty RSO .	Doomsday : Forever RSO is the only full - length studio album by rap group The Almighty RSO .
The Tulburelul River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania .	The Pârâul Tulbure or Tulburelul River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania .
Leonie Short won the seat for Labor in a close contest on preferences , with only 255 votes seperating her from Liberal candidate Bob Tucker on a two - party basis .	Leonie Short won the seat for Labor in a close contest on preferences , with only 255 votes separating her from Liberal candidate Bob Tucker on a two - party basis .
Ironically Beattie was Moore 's ALP opponent in Moore at the 1980 federal election in which Moore defeated Beattie .	Ironically Beattie was Moore 's ALP opponent in Ryan at the 1980 federal election in which Moore defeated Beattie .
The Queensland election saw the reelection of the ALP Government of Peter Beattie .	The Queensland election saw the reelection of the Labor Government of Peter Beattie .
Ironically Beattie was Moore 's ALP opponent in Ryan at the 1980 federal election in which Moore defeated Beattie .	Ironically Beattie was Moore 's Labor opponent in Ryan at the 1980 federal election in which Moore defeated Beattie .
However , in 1969 , the Labor candidate , John Conn , employing his early version of the later famous ' It 's Time ' slogan , achieved a record swing in excess of 19 % to almost unseat the long - time Liberal encumbent , Nigel Drury .	However , in 1969 , the Labor candidate , John Conn , employing his early version of the later famous ' It 's Time ' slogan , achieved a record swing in excess of 19 % to almost unseat the long - time Liberal incumbent , Nigel Drury .
The Şoimu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .	The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .
The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .	The Șoimu River is a right tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania .
Born George Lightfoot in Natchez , Mississippi , he recorded several sessions in his late twenties - for Peacock Records in 1949 ( which were never issued ) , Sultan Records in 1950 , Aladdin Records in 1952 , and Imperial Records in 1954 .	Born in Natchez , Mississippi , he recorded several sessions in his late twenties – for Peacock Records in 1949 ( which were never issued ) , Sultan Records in 1950 , Aladdin Records in 1952 , and Imperial Records in 1954 .
Alumni by university or college in .	Alumni by university or college in Ireland .
When the number of cancer cases in the vicinity of the accident rose disproportionately in the years after , suspicion rose that the jet , contrary to US statements , may have been loaded with ammunition containing uranium .	When the number of cancer cases in the vicinity of the accident rose disproportionately in the years after , suspicion rose that the jet , contrary to US statements , may have been loaded with ammunition containing depleted uranium .
The 1987 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on 8 December 1988 , when a USAF attack jet , A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , Germany .	The 1987 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on December 8 , 1988 , when a USAF attack jet , A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , Germany .
The 1987 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on December 8 , 1988 , when a USAF attack jet , A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , Germany .	The 1987 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on December 8 , 1988 , when a United States Air Force attack jet , an A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , Germany .
It belonged to a unit from Bentwaters air base but at the time of the accident was stationed at the Nörvenich air base .	It belonged to a unit from Bentwaters Air Base but at the time of the accident was stationed at Nörvenich Air Base .
Another unconfirmed suspicion was that the flight control surfaces had trim weights from depleted uranium applied , which would have contaminated the soil around the site of the crash .	Another unconfirmed suspicion was that the flight control surfaces had trim weights containing depleted uranium , which could have contaminated the soil around the site of the crash .
The 1988 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on December 8 , 1988 , when a United States Air Force attack jet , an A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , Germany .	The 1988 Remscheid A-10 crash occurred on December 8 , 1988 , when a United States Air Force attack jet , an A-10 Thunderbolt II crashed onto a residential area in the city of Remscheid , West Germany .
Fifty others were injured , including many seriously .	Fifty others were injured , many of them seriously .
Mapanje , the former head of English at the University of Malawi , is now a senior lecturer in English at the University of Newcastle .	Mapanje , the former head of English at the University of Malawi , is now a senior lecturer in English at Newcastle University .
Mapanje , the former head of English at the University of Malawi , is now a senior lecturer in English at Newcastle University .	Mapanje , the former head of English at the University of Malawi , is currently a senior lecturer in English at Newcastle University .
After a lengthy delay in his application , he emigrated to the UK .	After a lengthy delay in his application , he instead emigrated to the UK .
He later became head of the Department of Language and Linguistics at the University of Malawi .	He subsequently became head of the Department of Language and Linguistics at the University of Malawi .
He later wrote a memoir about the experience , " And Crocodiles Are Hungry At Night " , which was also adapted into a play .	He wrote a memoir about the experience , " And Crocodiles Are Hungry At Night " , which was also adapted into a play .
Chameleon Politics .	Chameleon politics .
It belongs to the Beit She'an Valley Regional Council .	It belongs to the Valley of Springs Regional Council .
Sotunki ( Swedish : " Sottungsby " ) is a district of the city of Vantaa , Finland .	Sotunki ( ) is a district of the city of Vantaa , Finland .
The valley and farmland in Sotunki are the village 's main attractions .	The valley and farmland in Sotunki are the district 's main attractions .
In some cases the surname " Hayden " is derived from British placenames that have various origins .	In some cases the surname " Hayden " is derived from placenames in England that have various origins .
Hayden is usually a boys given name , although has become popular amoungst girls since the rise in actress Hayden Panettiere , and may refer to :	Hayden is usually a boys given name , although has become popular amongst girls since the rise in actress Hayden Panettiere , and may refer to :
It is used for both boys and girls , but is more common for boys .	It is used for both boys and girls , but is more common for girls .
Hayden is a name popular mainly in the United States but also increasingly popular in the united kingdom meaning " hay valley " from the Old English " heg , " meaning hay and " denu " meaning " valley . "	Hayden is a name popular mainly in the United States but also increasingly popular in the United Kingdom meaning " hay valley " from the Old English " heg , " meaning hay and " denu " meaning " valley . "
The name is a variant of the given name " Haydn " , which is derived from the surname " Haydn " in honour of composer Joseph Haydn ( 1732 - 1809 ) .	The name is variant of the given name " Haydn " , which is derived from the surname " Haydn " in honour of composer Joseph Haydn ( 1732 - 1809 ) .
The form " Haydn " was generally considered a masculine given name up until the mid 20th centyury .	The form " Haydn " was generally considered a masculine given name up until the mid 20th century .
The current course record is held by Eric Clifton(5:46:22 ) and Anne Lundblad(6:29:42 ) on the women 's side .	The current course record is held by Eric Clifton(5:46:22)and Anne Lundblad(6:29:42 ) on the women 's side .
The JFK 50 Mile or the JFK 50 Mile Memorial is an ultramarathon that takes place in Washington County , Maryland , USA .	The JFK 50 Mile or the JFK 50 Mile Memorial is an ultramarathon that takes place annually in Washington County , Maryland , USA .
The current course record is held by Eric Clifton ( 5:46:22)and Anne Lundblad ( 6:29:42 ) on the women 's side .	The current course record is held by Eric Clifton ( 5:46:22)and Devon Crosby - Helms ( 6:29:21 ) on the women 's side .
The current course record is held by Eric Clifton ( 5:46:22)and Devon Crosby - Helms ( 6:29:21 ) on the women 's side .	The current course record is held by David Riddle ( 5:40:45 ) and Devon Crosby - Helms ( 6:29:21 ) on the women 's side .
The JFK 50 Mile or the JFK 50 Mile Memorial is an ultramarathon that takes place annually in Washington County , Maryland , USA .	The JFK 50 Mile or the JFK 50 Mile Memorial is an ultramarathon that takes place annually in Washington County , Maryland , United States .
The current course record is held by Jim Walmsley ( 5:21:29 ) for men and Ellie Greenwood ( 6:12:00 ) for women .	The current course records are held by Jim Walmsley ( 5:21:29 ) for men and Ellie Greenwood ( 6:12:00 ) for women .
Luis Antonio Losada Gallo aka as Carlos Antonio Lozada is a Colombian guerrilla member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) presumed commander of the Urban Commandos of the FARC - EP known as the " Red Urbana Antonio Nariño " .	Luis Antonio Losada Gallo aka Carlos Antonio Lozada is a Colombian guerrilla member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) presumed commander of the Urban Commandos of the FARC - EP known as the " Red Urbana Antonio Nariño " .
Luis Antonio Losada Gallo aka Carlos Antonio Lozada is a former Colombian guerrilla member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) .	Julián Gallo Cubillos aka Carlos Antonio Lozada is a former Colombian guerrilla member of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia ( FARC ) .
The cross steets are Santa Monica and Lillian Way .	The cross streets are Santa Monica and Lillian Way .
Unspecified source for : Image : Mwah.jpg .	Unspecified source for : Image : Smile20Êt.jpg .
Thanks for uploading : Image : Mwah.jpg .	Thanks for uploading : Image : Smile20Êt.jpg .
Santa Cruz Looff Carousel & Roller Coaster On The Beach Boardwalk is a National Historic Landmark comprised of two parts , a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster , on the boardwalk at Santa Cruz , California .	Santa Cruz Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster On The Beach Boardwalk is a National Historic Landmark comprised of two parts , a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster , on the boardwalk at Santa Cruz , California .
The carousel and roller coaster together was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987 .	The carousel and roller coaster together were declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987 .
It used 327,000 feet of lumber , 743,000 nails , 24,000 bolts , and 63,000 pounds of steel track and safty iron to build .	It used 327,000 feet of lumber , 743,000 nails , 24,000 bolts , and 63,000 pounds of steel track and safety iron to build .
Along with the Crescent Park Carousel in Rhode Island , the Riverfront Park Carousel in Washington , and the Grand Carousel at Knoebels ' Amusement Resort in Pennsylvania , the Santa Cruz Looff Carousel is one of the last remaining carousels that offer this feature .	Along with the Crescent Park Looff Carousel in Rhode Island , the Riverfront Park Carousel in Washington , and the Grand Carousel at Knoebels ' Amusement Resort in Pennsylvania , the Santa Cruz Looff Carousel is one of the last remaining carousels that offer this feature .
Santa Cruz Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster is a National Historic Landmark ( officially named the Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster on the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk ) with two contributing structures , a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster , in the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk at Santa Cruz , California .	Santa Cruz Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster is a National Historic Landmark ( officially named the Looff Carousel and Roller Coaster on the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk ) with two contributing structures , a Looff carousel and the Giant Dipper wooden roller coaster , in the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk amusement park at Santa Cruz , California .
The Giant Dipper is a classic wooden roller coaster that still provides a thrilling experience over 80 years after it first debuted .	The Giant Dipper is a classic wooden roller coaster that still provides a thrilling experience over 80 years after it debuted .
The Solonț River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania .	The Solonț River is a right tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania .
In 1963 , Caffiaux travelled from France to Wisconsin to become a member of the Strangite church .	In 1963 , Caffiaux traveled from France to Wisconsin to become a member of the Strangite church .
Other Stangite adherents in France supported Caffiaux in his claims .	Other Strangite adherents in France supported Caffiaux in his claims .
At a conference of the Stangite church in France , the Stangite adherents voted to rename their congregation " " Église sainte de Jésus Christ " " — the " Holy Church of Jesus Christ " .	At a conference of the Strangite church in France , the Strangite adherents voted to rename their congregation " " Église sainte de Jésus Christ " " — the " Holy Church of Jesus Christ " .
In 1978 , the Stangite church formally rejected Caffiaux 's claims .	In 1978 , the Strangite church formally rejected Caffiaux 's claims .
Holy Church of Jesus Christ was a schismatic sect in the Latter Day Saint movement that formed under the leadership of Alexandre Caffiaux , a French member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ( Strangite ) .	Holy Church of Jesus Christ was a schismatic sect in the Latter Day Saint movement that formed under the leadership of Alexandre Caffiaux , a French member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
It is a long , detailed commentary on the Tur Shulchan Aruch .	It is a long , detailed commentary on the Arba'ah Turim .
Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Tinoasa and Coman	Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Tisoasa and Coman
The Schit River is a right tributary of the river Tazlău in Romania .	The Schit is a right tributary of the river Tazlău in Romania .
In the 1960s Brandi trekked the Americas from southern Chile to Alaska	In the 1960s Brandi traveled the Americas from southern Chile to Alaska
As a poet , Brandi owes much to the Beat tradition , and to poets as diverse as Federico García Lorcaand the Japanese haiku masters .	As a poet , Brandi owes much to the Beat tradition , and to poets as diverse as Federico García Lorca and the Japanese haiku masters .
During his early years in southwestern United States , Brandi traveled with Japanese poet , compiled " That Back Road In " , and earned a living by teaching as an itinerant poet .	During his early years in southwestern United States , Brandi traveled with Japanese poet Nanao Sakaki , compiled " That Back Road In " , and earned a living by teaching as an itinerant poet .
After eight years of campaigning by Catalanist civic bodies and the pro - independence political party Esquerra Republicana , a replica of the columns has now been erected very close to the original site and following Puig i Cadafalch 's original plans .	After eight years of campaigning by Catalanist civic bodies and the pro - independence political party Esquerra Republicana , a replica of the columns was erected in 2010 very close to the original site and following Puig i Cadafalch 's original plans .
Moreover , because of these same political motives , Poble Espanyol ( " Spanish Village " in Catalan ) , on the same hill , was the name given to the open - air museum formerly to be named " Iberona " — in homage to the Iberians , the first inhabitants of what is now Catalonia .	Moreover , for these same political motives , Poble Espanyol ( " Spanish Village " in Catalan ) , on the same hill , was the name given to the open - air museum formerly to be named " Iberona " — in homage to the Iberians , the first inhabitants of what is now Catalonia .
The Four Columns ( " Les Quatre Columnes‏ " in Catalan ) are four Ionic columns originally created by Josep Puig i Cadafalch in Barcelona , Catalonia .	The Four Columns ( " Les Quatre Columnes " in Catalan ) are four Ionic columns originally created by Josep Puig i Cadafalch in Barcelona , Catalonia .
RAR - related orphan receptor gamma ( ROR-γ ) is a member of the nuclear receptor family of transcription factors .	RAR - related orphan receptor gamma ( RORγ ) is a member of the nuclear receptor family of transcription factors .
ROR-γ is encoded by the gene ( RAR - related orphan receptor C ) .	RORγ is encoded by the gene ( RAR - related orphan receptor C ) .
Gene regulation .	Gene expression .
The role of the other isoform , RORγ1 is less clear since the protein is not apparently expressed .	The role of the other isoform , RORγ is less clear since the protein may not be expressed .
The tissue distribution of the second isoform , RORγt , appears to be highly restricted to the thymus where it is expressed exclusively in immature CD4+CD8 + thymocytes and in lymphoid tissue inducer ( LTi ) cells .	The tissue distribution of the second isoform , RORγt , appears to be highly restricted to the thymus where it is expressed exclusively in immature CD4+/CD8 + thymocytes and in lymphoid tissue inducer ( LTi ) cells .
RORγ is expressed in certain subsets of cancer stem cells ( EpCAM+/MSI1 + ) in pancreatic cancer and shows a strong correlation with tumor stage and lymph node invasion .	RORγ is expressed in certain subsets of cancer stem cells ( EpCAM+/MSI2 + ) in pancreatic cancer and shows a strong correlation with tumor stage and lymph node invasion .
She has a wide variety of genres for mangas .	She has a wide variety of genres for manga .
The origin for the African Jewelfish is in the Nile , Niger and Congo river .	The origin for the African Jewelfish is in the Nile , Niger river and Congo river .
It 's originally from Africa and is the most beautiful , bellicose , agressive and eager to fight , of the cichlids .	It 's originally from Africa and is the most beautiful , bellicose , aggressive and eager to fight , of the cichlids .
This fish is Agressive and Prays on other fish .	This fish is Agressive and Preys on other fish .
Their red colour with fine " jewel - like " spots have made them popular among fishkeepers , but they are unsuitable for typical community aquarium because of their aggressive territorial behavior , especially when breeding .	Their red colour with fine " jewel - like " spots have made them popular among fishkeepers , but they are unsuitable for typical community aquariums because of their aggressive territorial behavior , especially when breeding .
They are found in rivers , stream and canals , especially in forested regions where vegetations overhangs the water surface .	They are found in rivers , stream and canals , especially in forested regions where vegetation overhangs the water surface .
The African Jewelfish are omnivorus .	The African Jewelfish are omnivorous .
The African jewelfish ( " Hemichromis bimaculatus " ) , also known as jewel cichlid or jewelfish , is from the family cichlidae .	The African jewelfish ( " Hemichromis bimaculatus " ) , also known as jewel cichlid or jewelfish , is from the family Cichlidae .
West African Jewelfish are beautiful creatures .	West African Jewelfish are beautiful sweet creatures .
Blockade may refer to :	Blockade may also refer to :
HMAS " Hawkesbury " ( M 83 ) is the second " Huon " class minehunter to have been built for the the Royal Australian Navy and is also the second warship to be named after the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales .	HMAS " Hawkesbury " ( M 83 ) is the second " Huon " class minehunter to have been built for the Royal Australian Navy and is also the second warship to be named after the Hawkesbury River in New South Wales .
By October 2011 , " Hawkesbury " and sister ship " Huon " had been placed into reserve , and the Australian Department of Defence predicted that it would take five years to bring both back to operational status and train personnel to run the vessels .	By October 2011 , " Hawkesbury " and sister ship had been placed into reserve , and the Australian Department of Defence predicted that it would take five years to bring both back to operational status and train personnel to run the vessels .
Alumni o Hawksbury include	Alumni of Hawksbury include
The sensor suite includes a Kelvin - Hughes Type 1007 navigational radar , a GEC - Marconi Type 2093 M variable - depth minehunting sonar , an AWADI PRISM radar warning and direction - finding system , and a Radamec 1400N surveillance system .	Its sensor suite includes a Kelvin - Hughes Type 1007 navigational radar , a GEC - Marconi Type 2093 M variable - depth minehunting sonar , an AWADI PRISM radar warning and direction - finding system , and a Radamec 1400N surveillance system .
These searches , followed up by the hydrographic survey ship a month later , found that the wreck had been incorrectly marked as " Centaur " since its discovery in 1995 .	These searches , followed up by the hydrographic survey ship a month later , found that the wreck had been incorrectly marked as " Centaur " when it had been discovered in 1995 .
The Tinoasa River is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania .	The Tisoasa River is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania .
Presidency could also refer to :	Presidency may also refer to :
HMAS " Yarra " ( M 87 ) is the sixth " Huon " class minehunter to have been built for the the Royal Australian Navy and the fourth warship to be named after the Yarra River in Victoria .	HMAS " Yarra " ( M 87 ) is the sixth " Huon " class minehunter to have been built for the Royal Australian Navy and the fourth warship to be named after the Yarra River in Victoria .
Following the discovery by the survey ships " Benalla " and " Shepparton " of a submerged object that corresponded to the dimensions of Australian submarine " AE1 " , which had dissappeared off the coast of East New Britain during World War I , " Yarra " was sent in June 2007 to confirm the findings .	Following the discovery by the survey ships " Benalla " and " Shepparton " of a submerged object that corresponded to the dimensions of Australian submarine " AE1 " , which had disappeared off the coast of East New Britain during World War I , " Yarra " was sent in June 2007 to confirm the findings .
" Yarra " is based at HMAS " Waterhen " in Sydney , along with the majority of the RAN 's mine warfare assets .	" Yarra " is based at HMAS " Waterhen " Naval Base in Sydney , along with the majority of the RAN 's mine warfare assets .
In October 2013 participated in the International Fleet Review 2013 in Sydney , Australia .	In October 2013 , " Yarra " participated in the International Fleet Review 2013 in Sydney .
To prevent damage if a mine is detonated nearby , the ships were built with a glass - reinforced plastic , moulded in a single monocoque skin with no ribs or framework .	To prevent damage if a mine is detonated nearby , the ships were built with a glass - reinforced plastic , molded in a single monocoque skin with no ribs or framework .
However , the Eleventh Amendent , ratified in 1795 , granted states sovereign immunity from suits in federal court by citizens of another state .	However , the Eleventh Amendment , ratified in 1795 , granted states sovereign immunity from suits in federal court by citizens of another state .
It was re - released in 2001 under the title Sinister without the bonus tracks but with a different cover .	It was re - released in 2001 under the title Sinister without the bonus tracks and with a different cover .
On December 30th , 1954 , he attended an informal meeting in Blantyre , Nyasaland , with like - minded young Nyasas , including Kanyama Chiume , at which he decided to ally himself with the Nyasaland African Congress , then a rather moribund political organization fragmented by its failure to prevent the federation of Nyasaland with bordering Rhodesia , dominated by an earlier generation .	On December 30th , 1954 , he attended an informal meeting in Blantyre , Nyasaland , with like - minded young Nyasas , including Kanyama Chiume , at which he decided to ally himself with the Nyasaland African Congress , then a rather moribund political organization demoralized by its failure to prevent the federation of Nyasaland with bordering Southern and Northern Rhodesia , dominated by an earlier generation .
In March 1956 , Chipembere was elected by an overwhelming majority to the Legislative Council , along with Kanyama Chiume , Chinyama and ND Kwenje .	In March 1956 , Chipembere was elected by an overwhelming majority to the Legislative Council , along with Chiume , Chinyama and ND Kwenje .
Early Life and Career .	Early life and career .
In June 1958 , Chipembere , togther with Dunduzu Chisiza and Chief Kutanja , joined with Banda in meeting the Colonial Secretary , Lennox - Boyd , in London to discuss a new constitution for Nyasaland ( one which had already been roundly rejected by Nyasaland 's governor , Robert Armitage ) .	In June 1958 , Chipembere , together with Dunduzu Chisiza and Chief Kutanja , joined with Banda in meeting the Colonial Secretary , Lennox - Boyd , in London to discuss a new constitution for Nyasaland ( one which had already been roundly rejected by Nyasaland 's governor , Robert Armitage ) .
The Cabinet Crisis .	The Cabinet crisis .
Their son Masauko Chipembere Jr is a internationally known Jazz artist .	Their son Masauko Chipembere Jr is an internationally known Jazz artist .
On September 7 , Banda removed three of his cabinet members ( Chirwa , Chiume , and Bwanausi ) and Rose Chibambo , a Parliamentary Secretary .	On September 7 , Banda removed three of his cabinet members ( Orton Chirwa , Chiume , and Bwanausi ) and Rose Chibambo , a Parliamentary Secretary .
Three other cabinet members ( Chisiza , Chokani and Msonthi ) resigned on the same day , causing the Cabinet Crisis of 1964 .	Three other cabinet members ( Yatuta Chisiza , Willie Chokani and Msonthi ) resigned on the same day , causing the Cabinet Crisis of 1964 .
However , there were some tensins : Banda became concerned with Chipembere ’s volatile temper , and Banda ’s increasingly authoritarian attitudes alarmed his three fellow prisoners .	However , there were some tensions : Banda became concerned with Chipembere ’s volatile temper , and Banda ’s increasingly authoritarian attitudes alarmed his three fellow prisoners .
The new Governor , Glyn Smallwood Jones was willing to discuss Chipembere ’s early release and Dunduzu Chisiza urged Banda to do so	The Governor , Glyn Jones , now was willing to discuss Chipembere ’s early release and Dunduzu Chisiza urged Banda to do so .
He was elected by an overwhelming majority to represent the southern province , along with Chiume for the northern province , Ralph Chinyama , ND Kwenje and Dunstan Chijozi ( who was a sympathizer with , but not a member of , the NAC ) .	He was elected by an overwhelming majority to represent the Southern Province , along with Chiume for the Northern Province , Ralph Chinyama , N D Kwenje and Dunstan Chijozi ( who was a sympathizer with , but not a member of , the NAC ) .
In June 1958 , Chipembere , Dunduzu Chisiza and Chief Kutanja , joined with Banda in meeting the Colonial Secretary , Lennox - Boyd , in London to discuss a new constitution for Nyasaland ( one which had already been roundly rejected by Nyasaland 's governor , Robert Armitage ) .	In June 1958 , Chipembere , Dunduzu Chisiza and Chief Kutanja , joined Banda in meeting the Colonial Secretary , Lennox - Boyd , in London to discuss a new constitution for Nyasaland ( one which had already been roundly rejected by Nyasaland 's governor , Robert Armitage ) .
Barely a month later , Band'a autocratic style led to the Cabinet Crisis of 1964 in Malawi , when a majority of ministers who voiced opposition to his style of government and several of his policies were sacked or resigned .	Barely a month later , Banda 's autocratic style led to the Cabinet Crisis of 1964 in Malawi , when a majority of ministers who voiced opposition to his style of government and several of his policies were sacked or resigned .
The mood in Britain , meanwhile , had long been moving toward relinquishing the colonies .	The mood in Britain , meanwhile , had been moving toward relinquishing the colonies .
Meanwhile , back in Malawi , cabinet members including Orton Chirwa , Chiume , Yatuta Chisiza and others ( with the notable exception of John Tembo , Minister of Finance ) , were growing restive under the autocratic hand of Dr Banda .	Meanwhile , back in Malawi , cabinet members including Orton Chirwa , Chiume , Yatuta Chisiza and others ( with only limited support from John Tembo , Minister of Finance ) , were growing restive under the autocratic hand of Dr Banda .
In November 1956 , Chipembere wrote to Dr Banda , then in semi - retirement in the Gold Coast ( later Ghana ) , asking for his support in getting two African MPs , Manoah Chirwa and Clement Kumbikano , to resign from the Federal Assembly in Rhodesia , something which they had allegedly undertaken to do once they had officially protested against federation in the assembly on Congress 's behalf .	In November 1956 , Chipembere wrote to Dr Banda , then in semi - retirement in the Gold Coast ( later Ghana ) , asking for his support in getting two African MPs , Manoah Chirwa and Clement Kumbikano , to resign from the Federal Assembly in Rhodesia , something which they had allegedly undertaken to do once they had officially protested against Federation in the assembly on Congress 's behalf .
Later that year , partly in response to further moves by Sir Roy Welensky , the prime minister of the Federation , towards attaining dominion status for the Federation ( which would make secession very much harder to achieve ) , Banda finally agreed to return , on various conditions which essentially gave him autocratic powers in Congress .	Later that year , partly in response to further moves by Sir Roy Welensky , the Prime Minister of the Federation , towards attaining dominion status for the Federation ( which would make secession by Nyasaland very much harder to achieve ) , Banda finally agreed to return , but only on conditions which essentially gave him autocratic powers in Congress .
The following month , on July 6 , 1958 , Banda returned to Nyasaland after an absence of 42 years .	The following month , on 6 July 1958 , Banda returned to Nyasaland after an absence of 42 years .
At the Congress Annual General Meeting at Nkhata Bay on August 1 , 1958 , Banda was named President of the Congress , and he nominated Chipembere as Treasurer General .	At the Congress Annual General Meeting at Nkhata Bay on 1 August 1958 , Banda was named President of the Congress , and he nominated Chipembere as Treasurer General .
This letter was published as an appendix to the report of the Devlin commission investigating disturbances in Nyasaland , and it clearly suggested action to defy the colonial authorities .	This letter was published as an appendix to the report of the Devlin Commission investigating disturbances in Nyasaland , and it clearly suggested action to defy the colonial authorities .
However , when he went into hiding in a remote forest area north of Malindi , he created a training camp to prepare his followers for an insurrection .	However , when he went into hiding in a remote forest area north of Malindi , he created a training camp to prepare his followers for an armed insurrection .
According to Band 's speech of 6 April 1965 in Hansard ( a government publication and possibly not an unbiased source ) , they attacked the police station , killing the wife and child of the unpopular head of Special Branch there , destroyed telephone phone installations , both there and at the post office , and removed guns and ammunition from the police armoury .	According to Band 's speech of 6 April 1965 in Hansard ( a government publication and possibly not an unbiased source ) , they attacked the police station , killing the wife and child of the unpopular head of Special Branch there , destroyed telephone installations , both there and at the post office , and removed guns and ammunition from the police armoury .
However , the British and US officials involved recorded that the agreement related solely to Chipembere 's evacuation , although Chipembere was not made aware of Banda 's refusal of an full amnesty .	However , the British and US officials involved recorded that the agreement made related solely to Chipembere 's evacuation , although Chipembere was not made aware of Banda 's refusal of an full amnesty .
According to Band 's speech of 6 April 1965 in Hansard ( a government publication and possibly not an unbiased source ) , they attacked the police station , killing the wife and child of the unpopular head of Special Branch there , destroyed telephone installations , both there and at the post office , and removed guns and ammunition from the police armoury .	According to Banda 's speech of 6 April 1965 in Hansard ( a government publication and possibly not an unbiased source ) , they attacked the police station , killing the wife and child of the unpopular head of Special Branch there , destroyed telephone installations , both there and at the post office , and removed guns and ammunition from the police armoury .
Henry Masauko Blasius Chipembere ( 5 August 1930 – 24 September 1975 ) was a Malawian nationalist who played a significant role in bringing independence from colonial rule to his native country , formerly known as Nyasaland .	Henry Masauko Blasius Chipembere ( 5 August 1930 – 24 September 1975 ) was a Malawian nationalist politician who played a significant role in bringing independence from colonial rule to his native country , formerly known as Nyasaland .
In 1957 , considering that the independence movement need such a leader such as Kwame Nkrumah , and considering himself too young for this , he joined with other young nationalists in inviting Hastings Kamuzu Banda to return to Nyasaland as the movement 's leader .	In 1957 , considering that the independence movement need such a strong leader similar to Kwame Nkrumah , and considering himself too young for this task , he joined with other young nationalists in inviting Hastings Kamuzu Banda to return to Nyasaland as the movement 's leader .
This was a gradualist political organisation that had become rather moribund by 1950 but had revived under the vice - presidency and later presidency of James Frederick Sangala .	This was a gradualist political organisation that had become almost moribund by 1950 but had revived under the vice - presidency and later presidency of James Frederick Sangala .
It was , however , dominated by an earlier generation that had been with Congress since the 1940s and was demoralized by its failure to prevent the federation , in 1953 , of Nyasaland with Southern and Northern Rhodesia .	It was , however , dominated by an earlier generation of politicians who had been with Congress since the 1940s and were demoralized by the party 's failure to prevent the federation , in 1953 , of Nyasaland with Southern and Northern Rhodesia .
After his election as president in 1954 , Sangala had angered some NAC members by allowing two NAC candidates to be elected to the Federal Parliament , and a number tried to unseat him .	After his election as president in 1954 , Sangala had angered some NAC members by allowing two NAC candidates to be elected to the Federal Parliament , and a number of them tried to unseat him .
Chipembere and Chiume seized the initiative in the Legislative Council with their audacious and aggressive participation in its proceedings .	Chipembere and Chiume seized the initiative in the Legislative Council with their outspoken and aggressive participation in its proceedings .
Their assault on colonial policies and condemnation of Federation turned the transcripts of the Council 's proceedings in Hansard , into a bestseller , particularly among young Africans , who were totally unaccustomed to seeing others like them challenging authority so openly .	Their assault on colonial policies and condemnation of Federation turned the transcripts of the Council 's proceedings in Hansard , into a bestseller , particularly among young Africans , who were totally unaccustomed to seeing other Africans challenging the colonial authority so openly .
In January 1957 , Sangala was persuaded to resign , and was replaced as President of Congress by Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda , known as TDT Banda , who was initially supported by Chipembere , Chiume and other young NAC members , and a youth movement called " the Kwaca Boys " , which was later transformed into the Congress Youth League .	In January 1957 , Sangala was persuaded to resign , and was replaced as President of Congress by Thamar Dillon Thomas Banda , known as T D T Banda , who was initially supported by Chipembere , Chiume and other young NAC members , and a youth movement called " the Kwaca Boys " , which was later transformed into the Congress Youth League .
In March 1957 , TDT Banda went to the Gold Coast to participate in that country 's independence celebrations , and while he was there , he visited Hastings Banda in order to try to persuade him to return .	In March 1957 , T D T Banda went to the Gold Coast to participate in that country 's independence celebrations , and while he was there , he visited Hastings Banda in order to try to persuade him to return .
One of Hastings Banda 's preconditions was that he would become President of Congress , and the way for this was cleared when , in March 1958 , TDT Banda was suspended over financial irregularities , a move orchestrated by Chipembere and Chiume : TDT Banda was later removed from office .	One of Hastings Banda 's preconditions was that he would become President of Congress , and the way for this was cleared when , in March 1958 , T D T Banda was suspended over financial irregularities , a move orchestrated by Chipembere and Chiume , and was later removed from office .
This led to to the arrest of Chipembere , Banda and other leaders of the Nyasaland African Congress and the deportation 72 of them to Southern Rhodesia , to the banning of that party and to at least 51 African civilian deaths .	This led to the arrest of Chipembere , Banda and other leaders of the Nyasaland African Congress and the deportation 72 of them to Southern Rhodesia , to the banning of that party and to at least 51 African civilian deaths .
This is the list of 23 National Football League players who have reached the 10,000 rushing yards milestone as of November 25 2007 .	This is the list of 23 National Football League players who have reached the 10,000 rushing yards milestone as of December 3 2007 .
The Marshall Court refers to the Supreme Court of the United States from 1836 to 1864 , when Roger Taney served as the fifth Chief Justice of the United States .	The Taney Court refers to the Supreme Court of the United States from 1836 to 1864 , when Roger Taney served as the fifth Chief Justice of the United States .
During Chase 's tenure , Congress passed two laws setting the size of the Supreme Court , partly to prevent President Andrew Johnson from appointing Supreme Court justices .	During Chase 's tenure , Congress passed two laws setting the size of the Supreme Court , partly to prevent President Johnson from appointing Supreme Court justices .
There are a set of optical telescopes at the site on the Maddingley Road in the west of the city .	There are a set of optical telescopes at the site on the Madingley Road in the west of the city .
He spent 1991/92 and 1992/93 with Victoria before he returned to South Australia and continued to perform consistently , scoring over 700 runs in his next three seasons .	He spent 1991/92 and 1992/93 with Victoria before he returned to South Australia and continued to perform consistently , scoring over 700 runs in each of the next three seasons .
Nobes performed well in Sheffield Shield finals , he made a century against Queensland when they lost the 1994/95 final and another when they defeated Western Australia the following season .	Nobes performed well in Sheffield Shield finals , he made a century against Queensland when they lost the 1994/95 final and another when drew the final against Western Australia the following season .
Paul Christopher Nobes ( born April 20 , 1964 in Heidelberg West , Victoria ) is a former Australian first class cricketer .	Paul Christopher Nobes ( born 20 April 1964 in Heidelberg West , Victoria ) is a former Australian first class cricketer .
The 15th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island represented Prince Edward Island between January 26 1835 and 1839 .	The 14th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island represented Prince Edward Island between January 26 1835 and 1839 .
Antonio Machín ( born " Antonio Abad Lugo Machín "	Antonio Machín ( " Antonio Abad Lugo Machín "
Machín did not return to Cuba after this tour , settling in New York for the time .	Machín did not return to Cuba after this tour , settling in New York City for the time .
Machín was the son of a black Cuban woman , Leoncia Machín , and a white Spanish father , José Lugo Padrón , who emigrated to Cuba from Galicia .	Machín was the son of an African- Cuban woman , Leoncia Machín , and EuropeansSpanish h father , José Lugo Padrón , who emigrated to Cuba from Galicia .
Machínawas s one of sixteen children .	Machín was one of sixteen children .
Machín 's ambition was to sing opera , but this was difficult for a poorCuban of color beginning of the 20th century .	Machín 's ambition was to sing opera , but this was difficult for a poaCuban ofacolor at t the beginning of the 20th century .
Machín was a mixed - race son of a Cuban womann , Leoncia Machín , adna Spanish father , José Lugo Padrón , who emigrated to Cuba from Galicia .	Machín was a mixed - race son of a Cuban woman , Leoncia Machín , and a Spanish father , José Lugo Padrón , who emigrated to Cuba from Galicia .
Machín 's ambition was to sing opera , but this was difficult for a por Cuban of color a t the beginning of the 20th century .	Machín 's ambition was to sing opera , but this was difficult for a poor Cuban of color at the beginning of the 20th century .
In Havana , Machín was exposed to many kinds of music .	In Havana , Machín was exposed to many genres of music .
Although this was labelled a rumba , it was in reality a son pregón , namely , a song based on a street - seller 's cry .	Although this was labelled a rhumba , it was in reality a son pregón , namely , a song based on a street - seller 's cry .
11 February 1903 , in Sagua la Grande , Cuba – 4 August 1977 , in Madrid ) was a Cuban singer and musician .	11 February 1903 , in Somosagua , Cuba – 4 August 1977 , in Madrid ) was a Cuban singer and musician .
They mad 10 selections from a pool of players from current MLS clubs .	They made 10 selections from a pool of players from current MLS clubs .
The 2007 MLS Expansion Draft was held on November 21 , 2007 , and is a special draft for the MLS expansion team San Jose Earthquakes .	The 2007 MLS Expansion Draft was held on November 21 , 2007 , and is a special draft for the Major League Soccer expansion team San Jose Earthquakes .
She attended the Art Students ' League , Cooper Union , the National Academy of Design , and the Fontainebleau School of Fine Arts in France .	She attended the Art Students League of New York , Cooper Union , the National Academy of Design , and the Fontainebleau School of Fine Arts in France .
Esther Brann(July 21 , 1899- January 9 , 1998 ) was an American children ’s author and illustrator .	Esther Brann ( July 21 , 1899- January 9 , 1998 ) was an American children ’s author and illustrator .
